The Satanic Bible
Anton Szandor LaVey
Called "The Black Pope" by many of his followers, Anton LaVey began the road to High
Priesthood of the Church of Satan when he was only 16 years old and an organ player in a
carnival:
"On Saturday night I would see men lusting after half-naked girls dancing at
the carnival, and on Sunday morning when I was playing the organ for tentshow evangelists at the other end of the carnival lot, I would see these same
men sitting in the pews with their wives and children, asking God to forgive
them and purge them of carnal desires. And the next Saturday night they'd be
back at the carnival or some other place of indulgence.
"I knew then that the Christian Church thrives on hypocrisy, and that man's
carnal nature will out!"
From that time early in his life his path was clear. Finally, on the last night of April, 1966 -
Walpurgisnacht, the most important festival of the believers in witchcraft - LaVey shaved his
head in the tradition of ancient executioners and announced the formation of The Church Of
Satan. He had seen the need for a church that would recapture man's body and his carnal
desires as objects of celebration. "Since worship of fleshly things produces pleasure," he said,
"there would then be a temple of glorious indulgence..."
INTRODUCTION by Burton H. Wolfe
PREFACE
PROLOGUE
THE NINE SATANIC STATEMENTS
(FIRE)
--BOOK OF SATAN--
The Infernal Diatribe
[I] [II] [III] [IV] [V]
(AIR)
--BOOK OF LUCIFER--
The Enlightenment
I. Wanted!: God - Dead or Alive
II. The God You SAVE May Be Yourself
III. Some Evidence of a New Satanic Age
IV. Hell, the Devil, and How to Sell Your Soul
V. Love and Hate
VI. Satanic Sex
VII. Not all Vampires Suck Blood
VIII. Indulgence... NOT Compulsion
IX. On the Choice of a Human Sacrifice
X. Life After Death Through Fulfillment of the Ego
XI. Religious Holidays
XII. The Black Mass
(EARTH)
--BOOK OF BELIAL--
The Mastery of the Earth
I. Theory and Practice of Satanic Magic:
(Definition and Purpose of Lesser and Greater Magic)
II. The Three Types of Satanic Ritual
III. The Ritual, or "Intellectual Decompression", Chamber
IV. The Ingredients Used in the Performance of Satanic Magic:
A. Desire
B. Timing
C. Imagery
D. Direction
E. The Balance Factor
V. The Satanic Ritual: 
A. Some Notes Which are to be Observed Before Beginning Ritual
B. The Thirteen Steps
C. Devices Used in Satanic Ritual
(WATER)
--BOOK OF LEVIATHAN--
The Raging Sea
I. Invocation to Satan
II. The Infernal Names
III. Invocation Employed Towards the Conjuration of Lust
IV. Invocation Employed Towards the Conjuration of Destruction
V. Invocation Employed Towards the Conjuration of Compassion
VI. The Enochian Keys and The Enochian Language
(The nineteen Keys will be listed here in chronological order.)
· The First Key
· The Second Key]
· The Third Key
· The Fourth Key
· The Fifth Key
· The Sixth Key
· The Seventh Key
· The Eighth Key
· The Ninth Key
· The Tenth Key
· The Eleventh Key
· The Twelfth Key
· The Thirteenth Key
· The Fourteenth Key
· The Fifteenth Key
· The Sixteenth Key
· The Seventeenth Key
· The Eighteenth Key
· The Nineteenth Key
INTRODUCTION
Burton H. Wolfe
On a winter's evening in 1967, I drove crosstown in San Fransisco to hear Anton Szandor
LaVey lecture at an open meeting of the Sexual Freedom League. I was attracted by
newspaper articles describing him as "the Black Pope" of a Satanic church in which baptism,
wedding, and funeral ceremonies were dedicated to the Devil. I was a free-lance magazine
writer, and I felt there might be a story in LaVey and his contemporary pagans; for the Devil
has always made "good copy", as they say on the city desk.
It was not the practice of the black arts itself that I considered to be the story, because that is
nothing new in the world. There were Devil-worshipping sects and voodoo cults before there
were Christians. In eighteenth-century England a Hell-Fire Club, with connections to the
American colonies through Benjamin Franklin, gained some brief notoriety. During the early
part of the twentieth century, the press publicized Aleister Crowley as the "wickedest man in
the world". And there were hints in the 1920s and '30s of a "black order" in Germany.
To this seemingly old story LaVey and his organization of contemporary Faustians offered
two strikingly new chapters. First, they blasphemously represented themselves as a "church",
a term previously confined to the branches of Christianity, instead of the traditional coven of
Satanism and witchcraft lore. Second, they practiced their black magic openly instead of
underground.
Rather than arrange a preliminary interview with LaVey for discussion of his heretical
innovations, my usual first step in research, I decided to watch and listen to him as an
unidentified member of an audience. He was described in some newspapers as a former circus
and carnival lion tamer and trickster now representing himself as the Devil's representative on
earth, and I wanted to determine first whether he was a true Satanist, a prankster, or a quack. I
had already met people in the limelight of the occult business; in fact, Jeane Dixon was my
landlady and I had a chance to write about her before Ruth Montgomery did. But I had
considered all the occultists phonies, hypocrites, or quacks, and I would never spend five
minutes writing about their various forms of hocus-pocus.
All the occultists I had met or heard of were white-lighters: alleged seers, prophesiers, and
witches wrapping their supposedly mystic powers around God-based, spiritual
communication. LaVey, seeming to laugh at them if not spit on them in contempt, emerged
from between the lines of newspaper stories as a black magician basing his work on the dark
side of nature and the carnal side of humanity. There seemed to be nothing spiritual about his
"church".
As I listened to LaVey talk that first time, I realized at once there was nothing to connect him
with the occult business. He could not even be described as metaphysical. The brutally frank
talk he delivered was pragmatic, relativistic, and above all rational. It was unorthodox, to be
sure: a blast at established religious worship, repression of humanity's carnal nature, phony
pretense at piety in the course of an existence based on dog-eat-dog material pursuits. It was
also full of sardonic satire on human folly. But most important of all, the talk was logical. It
was not quack magic that LaVey offered his audience. It was common sense philosophy based
on the realities of life.
After I became convinced of LaVey's sincerity, I had to convince him that I intended to do
some serious research instead of adding to the accumulation of hack articles dealing with the 
Church of Satan as a new type of freak show. I boned up on Satanism, discussed its history
and rationale with LaVey, and attended some midnight rituals in the famous Victorian manse
once used as Church of Satan headquarters. Out of all that I produced a serious article, only to
find that was not what the publishers of "respectable" magazines wanted. They were
interested in only the freak show kind of article. Finally, it was a so-called "girlie" or "man's"
magazine, Knight of September 1968, that published the first definitive article on LaVey, the
Church of Satan, and LaVey's synthesis of the old Devil legends and black magic lore into the
modern philosophy and practice of Satanism that all followers and imitators now use as their
model, their guide, and even their Bible.
My magazine article was the beginning, not the end (as it has been with my other writing
subjects), of a long and intimate association. Out of it came my biography of LaVey, The
Devil's Avenger, published by Pryamid in 1974. After the book was published, I became a
card-carrying member and, subsequently, a priest of the Church of Satan, a title I now proudly
share with many celebrated persons. The postmidnight philosophical discussions I began with
LaVey in 1967 continue today, a decade later, supplemented sometimes these days by a nifty
witch or some of our own music, him on organ and me on drums, in a bizarre cabaret
populated by superrealistic humanoids of LaVey's creation.
All of LaVey's background seemed to prepare him for his role. He is the descendant of
Georgian, Roumanian, and Alsatian grandparents, including a gypsy grandmother who passed
on to him the legends of vampires and witches in her native Transylvania. As early as the age
of five, LaVey was reading Weird-Tales magazines and books such as Mary Shelly's
Frankenstein and Bram Stoker's Dracula. Though he was different from other children, they
appointed him as leader in marches and maneuvers in mock military orders.
In 1942, when LaVey was twelve, his fascination with toy soldiers led to concern over World
War II. He delved into military manuals and discovered arsenals for the equipment of armies
and navies could be bought like groceries in a supermarket and used to conquer nations. The
idea took shape in his head that contrary to what the Christian Bible said, the earth would not
be inhereted by the meek, but by the mighty.
In high school LaVey became something of an offbeat child prodigy. Reserving his most
serious studies for outside the school, he delved into music, metaphysics, and secrets of the
occult. At fifteen, he became second oboist in the San Fransisco Ballet Symphony Orchestra.
Bored with high school classes, LaVey dropped out in his Junior year, left home, and joined
the Clyde Beatty Circus as a cage boy, watering and feeding the lions and tigers. Animal
trainer Beatty noticed that LaVey was comfortable working with the big cats and made him an
assistant trainer.
Possessed since childhood by a passion for the arts, for culture, LaVey was not content merely
with the excitement of training jungle beasts and working with them in the ring as a fill-in for
Beatty. By age ten he had taught himself to play the piano by ear. This came in handy when
the circus calliope player became drunk before a performance and was unable to go on;
LaVey volunteered to replace him, confident he could handle the unfamiliar organ keyboard
well enough to provide the necessary background music. It turned out he knew more music
and played better than the regular calliopist, so Beatty cashiered the drunk and installed
LaVey at the instrument. He accompanied the "Human Cannonball", Hugo Zachinni, and the
Wallendas' high-wire acts, among others.
When LaVey was eighteen he left the circus and joined a carnival. There he became assistant
to a magician, learned hypnosis, and studied more about the occult. It was a curious
combination. On the one side he was working in an atmosphere of life at its rawest level - of
earthy music; the smell of wild animals and sawdust; acts in which a second of missed timing
meant accident or death; performances that demanded youth and strength, and shed those who
grew old like last year's clothes; a world of physical excitement that had magical attractions.
On the other side, he was working with magic in the dark side of the human brain. Perhaps the
strange combination influenced the way he began to view humanity as he played organ for
carnival sideshows.
"On Saturday night," LaVey recalled in one of our long talks, "I would see men lusting after
half-naked girls dancing at the carnival, and on Sunday morning when I was playing organ for
tent-show evaneglists at the other end of the carnival lot, I would see these same men sitting
in the pews with their wives and children, asking God to forgive them and purge them of
carnal desires. And the next Saturday night they'd be back at the carnival or some other place
of indulgence. I knew then that the Christian church thrives on hypocrisy, and that man's
carnal nature will out no matter how much it is purged or scourged by any white-light
religion."
Though LaVey did not realize it then, he was on his way toward formulating a religion that
would serve as the antithesis of Christianity and its Judaic heritage. It was an old religion,
older than Christianity or Judaism. But it had never been formalized, arranged into a body of
thought and ritual. That was to become LaVey's role in twentieth-century civilization.
After LaVey became a married man himself in 1951, at age twenty-one, he abandoned the
wondrous world of the carnival to settle into a career better suited for homemaking. He had
been enrolled as a criminology major at the City College of San Fransisco. That led to his first
conformist job, photographer for the San Fransisco Police Department. As it worked out, that
job had as much to do as any other with his development of Satanism as a way of life.
"I saw the bloodiest, grimiest side of human nature," LaVey recounted in a session dealing
with his past life. "People shot by nuts, knifed by their friends; little kids splattered in the
gutter by hit-and-run drivers. It was disgusting and depressing. I asked myself: 'Where is
God?' I came to detest the sanctimonious attitude of people toward violence, always saying
'it's God's will'."
So he quit in disgust after three years of being a crime photographer and returned to playing
organ, this time in nightclubs and theaters to earn a living while he continued his studies into
his life's passion: the black arts. Once a week he held classes on arcane topics: hauntings,
E.S.P., dreams, vampires, werewolves, divination, ceremonial magic, etc. They attracted
many people who were, or have since become, well known in the arts and sciences, and the
business world. Eventually a "Magic Circle" evolved from this group.
The major purpose of the Circle was to meet for the performance of magical rituals LaVey
had discovered or devised. He had accumulated a library of works that descibed the Black
Mass and other infamous ceremonies conducted by groups such as the Knights Templar in
fourteenth-century France, the Hell-Fire club and the Golden Dawn in eighteenth- and
nineteenth-century England. The intent of some of these secret orders was to blaspheme,
lampoon the Christian church, and address themselves to the Devil as an anthropomorphic
deity that represented the reverse of God. In LaVey's view, the Devil was not that, but rather a
dark, hidden force in nature responsible for the workings of earthly affairs, a force for which 
neither science nor religion had any explanation. LaVey's Satan is "the spirit of progress, the
inspirer of all great movements that contribute to the development of civilization and the
advancement of mankind. He is the spirit of revolt that leads to freedom, the embodiment of
all heresies that liberate."
On the last night of April 1966 - Walpurgisnacht, the most important festival in the lore of
magic and witchcraft - LaVey ritualistically shaved his head in accordance with magical
tradition and announced the formation of the Church of Satan. For proper identification as its
minister, he put on the clerical collar. Up to that collar he looked almost holy. But his Genghis
Khan-like shaven head, his Mephistophelian beard, and his narrow eyes gave him the
necessary demonic look for his priesthood of the Devil's church on earth.
"For one thing," LaVey explained himself, "calling it a church enabled me to follow the magic
formula of one part outrage to nine parts social respectability that is needed for success. But
the main purpose was to gather a group of like-minded individuals together for the use of their
combined energies in calling up the dark force in nature that is called Satan."
As LaVey pointed out, all other churches are based on worship of the spirit and denial of the
flesh and the intellect. He saw the need for a church that would recapture man's mind and
carnal desires as objects of celebration. Rational self-interest would be encouraged and a
healthy ego championed.
He began to realize that the old concept of a Black Mass to satirize Christian services was
outmoded or, as he put it, "beating a dead horse". In the Church of Satan, LaVey initiated
some exhilarating psychodramas, in lieu of Christianity's self-debasing services, thereby
exorcising repressions and inhibitations fostered by white-light religions.
There was a revolution in the Christian church itself against orthodox rites and traditions. It
had become popular to declare that "God is dead". So, the alternative rites that LaVey worked
out, while still maintaining some of the trappings of ancient ceremonies, were changed from a
negative mockery to positive forms of celebrations and purges: Satanic weddings consecrating
the joys of the flesh, funerals devoid of sanctimonious platitudes, lust rituals to help
individuals attain their sex desires, destruction rituals to enable members of the Satanic
church to triumph over enemies.
On special occasions such as baptisms, weddings, and funerals in the name of the Devil, press
coverage, though unsolicited, was phenominal. By 1967 the newspapers that were sending
reporters to write about the Church of Satan extended from San Fransisco across the Pacific to
Tokyo and across the Atlantic to Paris. A photo of a nude woman, half covered by a leopard
skin, serving as an altar to Satan in a LaVey-conceived wedding ceremony, was transmitted
by major wire services to daily newspapers everywhere: and it showed up on the front page of
such bulwarks of the media as the Los Angeles Times. As the result of the publicity, grottos
(LaVey's counterpart to covens) affiliated with the Church of Satan spread throughout the
world, proving one of LaVey's cardinal messages: the Devil is alive and highly popular with a
great many people.
Of course LaVey pointed out to anyone who would listen that the Devil to him and his
followers was not the stereotyped fellow cloaked in red garb, with horns, tail and pitchfork,
but rather the dark forces in nature that human beings are just beginning to fathom. How did
LaVey square that explanation with his own appearance at times in black cowl with horns? He
replied: "People need ritual, with symbols such as those you find in baseball games or church 
services or wars, as vehicles for expending emotions they can't release or even understand on
their own." Nevertheless, LaVey himself soon tired of the games.
There were setbacks. First, some of LaVey's neighbors began complaining about the fullgrowm lion he was keeping as a house pet, and eventually the big cat was donated to the local
zoo. Next, one of LaVey's most devoted witches, Jayne Mansfield, died under a curse he had
placed on the head of her suitor, lawyer Sam Brody, for a variety of reasons I have explained
in The Devil's Avenger; LaVey had persistently warned her away from Brody and felt
depressed over her death. It was the second tragic death in the sixties of a Hollywood sex
symbol with whom he had been intimately involved; the other was Marilyn Monroe, LaVey's
paramour for a brief but crucial period in 1948 when he had quit the carnival and was playing
organ for strippers around the Los Angeles area.
On top of all that, LaVey was tired of organizing entertainments and purges for his church
members. He had gotten in touch with the last living remnants of the prewar occult fraternities
of Europe, was busily acquiring their philosophies and secret rituals left over from the preHitler era, and needed time to study, write and work out new principles. He had long been
experimenting with and applying the principles of geometric spacial concepts in what he
terms "The Law of the Trapezoid". (He scoffs at current faddists who are "barking up the
wrong pyramids".) He was also becoming widely sought as speaker, guest on radio and
television programs, and production and/or technical adviser to scores of television producers
and moviemakers turning out Satanic chillers. Sometimes he was also an actor. As sociologist
Clinton R. Sanders points out: "...no occultist has had as direct an impact upon formulaic
cinematic presentations of Satanism as has Anton Szandor LaVey. Ritual and esoteric
symbolism are central elements in LaVey's church and the films in which he has had a hand
contain detailed portrayals of Satanic rites and are filled with traditional occult symbols. The
emphasis upon ritual in the Church of Satan is 'intended to focus the emotional powers within
each individual'. Similarly, the ornate ritualism that is central to LaVey's films may
reasonably be seen as a mechanism to involve and focus the emotional experience of the
cinema audience."
At last LaVey decided to transfer rituals and other organized activities to Church of Satan
grottos around the world, and devote himself to writing, lecturing, teaching - and to his
family: wife Diane, the blonde beauty who serves as High Priestess of the Church; ravenhaired daughter Karla, now in her early twenties, a criminology major like her father before,
spending much of her time lecturing on Satanism at universities in many parts of the country;
and finally Zeena, remembered by people who saw the famous photo of the Satanic Church
baptism as a tiny tot, but now a gorgeously developed teenager attracting a growing pack of
wolves, human male variety.
Out of LaVey's relatively quiescent period came his widely read, pioneering books: First, The
Satanic Bible, which at this writing is in its twelfth edition (and this is my second, revised
introduction, after having written the original introduction to the first edition). Second, The
Satanic Rituals, which covers more of the somber, complex material LaVey unearthed from
his increasing sources. And third, The Compleat Witch, a bestseller in Italy, but, sadly,
allowed by its American publisher to go out of print with its potential unfulfilled.
LaVey's spreading out from organized church activities to writing books for worldwide
distribution has, of course, greatly expanded Church of Satan membership. Satanism's
growing popularity has naturally been accompanied by scare stories from religious groups
complaining that The Satanic Bible now outsells the Christian Bible on college campuses and 
is a leading causative factor in youngsters' turning away from God. And certainly one
suspects that Pope Paul had LaVey in mind when he issued his worldwide proclamation two
years ago that the Devil is "alive" and "a person", a living, fire-breathing character spreading
evil over the earth. LaVey, maintaining that "evil" is "live" spelled backward and should be
indulged in and enjoyed, answers the pope and the religious scare groups this way:
"People, organizations, nations are making millions of dollars off us. What would they do
without us? Without the Church of Satan, they wouldn't have anybody to rage at and to take
the blame for all the rotten things happening in the world. If they really feel this way, they
shouldn't have blown us out of proportion. What you really have to believe instead is that they
are the charlatans, and they're really glad to have us around so they can exploit us. We're an
extremely valuable commodity. We've helped business, lifted up the economy, and some of
the millions of dollars we have generated have in turn flowed into the Christian church. We
have proved many times over the Ninth Satanic Statement that says the church - and countless
individuals - cannot exist without the Devil."
For that the Christian church must pay a price. The events that LaVey predicted in the first
edition of The Satanic Bible have come to pass. Repressed people have burst their bonds. Sex
has exploded, the collective libido has been released, in movies and literature, on the streets,
and in the home. People are dancing topless and bottomless. Nuns have throwm off their
traditional habits, exposed their legs, and danced the "Missa Solemnis Rock" that LaVey
thought he was conjuring up as a prank. There is a ceaseless universal quest for entertainment,
gourmet foods and wines, adventure, enjoyment of the here and now. Humanity is no longer
willing to wait for any afterlife that promises to reward the clean, pure - translate: ascetic,
drab - spirit. There is a mood of neopaganism and hedonism, and from it there have emerged a
wide variety of brilliant individuals - doctors, lawyers, engineers, teachers, writers,
stockbrokers, real estate developers, actors and actresses, mass communications media people
(to cite a few categories of Satanists) - who are interested in formalizing and perpetuating this
all-pervading religion and way of life.
It is not an easy religion to adopt in a society ruled so long by Puritan ethics. There is no false
altruism or mandatory love-thy-neighbor concept in this religion. Satanism is a blatantly
selfish, brutal philosophy. It is based on the belief that human beings are inherently selfish,
violent creatures, that life is a Darwinian struggle for survival of the fittest, that only the
strong survive and the earth will be ruled by those who fight to win the ceaseless competition
that exists in all jungles - including those of urbanized society. Abhor this brutal outlook if
you will; it is based, as it has been for centuries, on real conditions that exist in the world we
inhabit rather than the mystical lands of milk and honey depicted in the Christian Bible.
In The Satanic Bible, Anton LaVey has explained the philosophy of Satanism more
profoundly than any of his ancestors in the Kingdom of Darkness, while describing in detail
the innovative rituals and trappings he has devised to create a church of realists. It has been
clear from the first edition that many people want to read this book to learn how to start
Satanic groups and ritualize black magic. The Satanic Bible and The Satanic Rituals are the
only books that have demonstrated, in a way that is authentic and true to relevant traditions,
how all of that can be done. There have been many imitators, never attributing their source,
and with good reason; because once the shabbiness and shallowness of the imitators have
been compared to LaVey's pioneering work, there can no longer be any market for the ripoff
artists.
The evidence is clear to any who are willing to view the record: Anton LaVey brought Satan
out of the closet and the Church of Satan is the fountainhead of contemporary Satanism. This
book summarizes the message both convey, and remains both challenge and inspiration, as
timely today as when it was written.
SAN FRANSISCO
December 25, 1976 (XI Anno Satanas)
PREFACE
This book was written because, with very few exceptions, every tract and paper, every
"secret" grimoire, all the "great works" on the subject of magic, are nothing more than
sanctimonious fraud - guilt-ridden ramblings and esoteric gibberish by chroniclers of magical
lore unable or unwilling to present an objective view of the subject. Writer after writer, in
efforts to state the principles of "white and black magic", has succeeded instead in clouding
the entire issue so badly that the would-be student of sorcery winds up stupidly pushing a
planchette over a Ouija board, standing inside a pentagram waiting for a demon to present
itself, limply tossing I-Ching yarrow stalks like so many stale pretzels, shuffling pasteboards
to foretell a future which has lost any meaning, attending seminars guaranteed to flatten his
ego - while doing the same to his wallet - and in general making a blithering fool of himself in
the eyes of those who know!
The true magus knows that occult bookshelves abound with the brittle relics of frightened
minds and sterile bodies, metaphysical journals of self-deceit, and constipated rule-books of
Eastern mysticism. Far too long has the subject of Satanic magic and philosophy been written
down by wild-eyed journalists of the right-hand path.
The old literature is the by-product of brains festering with fear and defeat, written
unknowingly for the assistance of those who really rule the earth, and who, from their Hellish
thrones, laugh with noisome mirth.
The flames of Hell burn brighter for the kindling supplied by these volumes of hoary
misinformation and false prophecy.
Herein you will find truth - and fantasy. Each is necessary for the other to exist; but each must
be recognized for what it is. What you see may not always please you; but you will see!
Here is Satanic thought from a truly Satanic point of view.
The Church of Satan
San Fransisco, Walpurgisnacht 1968
PROLOGUE
The gods of the right-hand path have bickered and quarreled for an entire age of earth. Each
of these deities and their respective priests and ministers have attempted to find wisdom in
their own lies. The ice age of religious thought can last but a limited time in this great scheme
of human existence. The gods of wisdom-defiled have had their saga, and their millennium
hath become as reality. Each, with his own "divine" path to paradise, hath accused the other of
heresies and spiritual indiscretions. The Ring of the Nibelungen doth carry an everlasting
curse, but only because those who seek it think in terms of "Good" and "Evil" - themselves
being at all times "Good". The gods of the past have become as their own devils in order to
live. Feebly, their ministers play the devil's game to fill their tabernacles and pay the
mortgages on their temples. Alas, too long have they studied "righteousness", and poor and
incompetent devils they make. So they all join hands in "brotherly" unity, and in their
desperation go to Valhalla for their last great ecumenical council. "Draweth near in the gloom
the twilight of the gods." The ravens of night have flown forth to summon Loki, who hath set
Valhalla aflame with the searing trident of the Inferno. The twilight is done. A glow of new
light is borne out of the night and Lucifer is risen, once more to proclaim: "This is the age of
Satan! Satan Rules the Earth!" The gods of the unjust are dead. This is the morning of magic,
and undefiled wisdom. The FLESH prevaileth and a great Church shall be builded, consecrated
in its name. No longer shall man's salvation be dependent on his self-denial. And it will be
known that the world of the flesh and the living shall be the greatest preparation for any and
all eternal delights!
REGIE SATANAS!
AVE SATANAS!
HAIL SATAN!
THE
NINE
SATANIC
STATEMENTS
1. Satan represents indulgence, instead of abstinence!
2. Satan represents vital existence, instead of spiritual pipe dreams!
3. Satan represents undefiled wisdom, instead of hypocritical self-deceit!
4. Satan represents kindness to those who deserve it, instead of love wasted on ingrates!
5. Satan represents vengeance, instead of turning the other cheek!
6. Satan represents responsibility to the responsible, instead of concern for psychic
vampires!
7. Satan represents man as just another animal, sometimes better, more often worse than
those that walk on all-fours, who, because of his "divine spiritual and intellectual
development", has become the most vicious animal of all!
8. Satan represents all of the so-called sins, as they all lead to physical, mental, or
emotional gratification!
9. Satan has been the best friend the church has ever had, as he has kept it in business all
these years! 
(FIRE)
THE BOOK OF SATAN
THE INFERNAL DIATRIBE
The first book of the Satanic Bible is not an attempt to blaspheme as much as it is a statement
of what might be termed "diabolical indignation". The Devil has been attacked by the men of
God relentlessly and without reservation. Never has there been an opportunity, short of
fiction, for the Dark Prince to speak out in the same manner as the spokesmen of the Lord of
the Righteous. The pulpit-pounders of the past have been free to define "good" and "evil" as
they see fit, and have gladly smashed into oblivion any who disagree with their lies - both
verbally and, at times, physically. Their talk of "charity", when applied to His Infernal
Majesty, becomes an empty sham - and most unfairly, too, considering the obvious fact that
without their Satanic foe their very religions would collapse. How sad, that the allegorical
personage most responsible for the success of spiritual religions is shown the least amount of
charity and the most consistent abuse - and by those who most unctuously preach the rules of
fair play! For all the centuries of shouting-down the Devil has received, he has never shouted
back at his detractors. He has remained the gentleman at all times, while those he supports
rant and rave. He has shown himself to be a model of deportment, but now he feels it is time
to shout back. He has decided it is finally time to receive his due. Now the ponderous rulebooks of hypocrisy are no longer needed. In order to relearn the Law of the Jungle, a small,
slim diatribe will do. Each verse is an inferno. Each word is a tongue of fire. The flames of
Hell burn fierce . . . and purify! Read on and learn the Law.
THE
BOOK OF
SATAN
I
1. In this arid wilderness of steel and stone I raise up my voice that you may hear. To the
East and to the West I beckon. To the North and to the South I show a sign
proclaiming: Death to the weakling, wealth to the strong!
2. Open your eyes that you may see, Oh men of mildewed minds, and listen to me ye
bewildered millions!
3. For I stand forth to challenge the wisdom of the world; to interrogate the "laws" of
man and of "God"!
4. I request reason for your golden rule and ask the why and wherefore of your ten
commandments.
5. Before none of your printed idols do I bend in acquiescence, and he who saith "thou
shalt" to me is my mortal foe!
6. I dip my forefinger in the watery blood of your impotent mad redeemer, and write
over his thorn-torn brow: The TRUE prince of evil - the king of slaves!
7. No hoary falsehood shall be a truth to me; no stifling dogma shall encramp my pen!
8. I break away from all conventions that do not lead to my earthly success and
happiness.
9. I raise up in stern invasion the standard of the strong!
10. I gaze into the glassy eye of your fearsome Jehovah, and pluck him by the beard; I
uplift a broad-axe, and split open his worm-eaten skull!
11. I blast out the ghastly contents of philosophically whited sepulchers and laugh with
sardonic wrath! 
THE
BOOK OF
SATAN
II
1. Behold the crucifix; what does it symbolize? Pallid incompetence hanging on a tree.
2. I question all things. As I stand before the festering and varnished facades of your
haughtiest moral dogmas, I write thereon in letters of blazing scorn: Lo and behold; all
this is fraud!
3. Gather around me, Oh! ye death-defiant, and the earth itself shall be thine, to have and
to hold!
4. Too long the dead hand has been permitted to sterilize living thought!
5. Too long right and wrong, good and evil have been inverted by false prophets!
6. No creed must be accepted upon authority of a "divine" nature. Religions must be put
to the question. No moral dogma must be taken for granted - no standard of
measurement deified. There is nothing inherently sacred about moral codes. Like the
wooden idols of long ago, they are the work of human hands, and what man has made,
man can destroy!
7. He that is slow to believe anything and everything is of great understanding, for belief
in one false principle is the beginning of all unwisdom.
8. The chief duty of every new age is to upraise new men to determine its liberties, to
lead it towards material success - to rend the rusty padlocks and chains of dead custom
that always prevent healthy expansion. Theories and ideas that may have meant life
and hope and freedom for our ancestors may now mean destruction, slavery, and
dishonor to us!
9. As environments change, no human ideal standeth sure!
10. Whenever, therefore, a lie has built unto itself a throne, let it be assailed without pity
and without regret, for under the domination of an inconvenient falsehood, no one can
prosper.
11. Let established sophisms be dethroned, rooted out, burnt and destroyed, for they are a
standing menace to all true nobility of thought and action!
12. Whatever alleged "truth" is proven by results to be but an empty fiction, let it be
unceremoniously flung into the outer darkness, among the dead gods, dead empires,
dead philosophies, and other useless lumber and wreckage!
13. The most dangerous of all enthroned lies is the holy, the sanctified, the privileged lie -
the lie everyone believes to be a model truth. It is the fruitful mother of all other
popular errors and delusions. It is a hydra-headed tree of unreason with a thousand
roots. It is a social cancer!
14. The lie that is known to be a lie is half eradicated, but the lie that even intelligent
persons accept as fact - the lie that has been inculcated in a little child at its mother's
knee - is more dangerous to contend against than a creeping pestilence!
15. Popular lies have ever been the most potent enemies of personal liberty. There is only
one way to deal with them: Cut them out, to the very core, just as cancers. Exterminate
them root and branch. Annihilate them, or they will us! 
THE
BOOK OF
SATAN
III
1. "Love one another" it has been said is the supreme law, but what power made it so?
Upon what rational authority does the gospel of love rest? Why should I not hate mine
enemies - if I "love" them does that not place me at their mercy?
2. Is it natural for enemies to do good unto each other - and WHAT IS GOOD?
3. Can the torn and bloody victim "love" the blood-splashed jaws that rend him limb
from limb?
4. Are we not all predatory animals by instinct? If humans ceased wholly from preying
upon each other, could they continue to exist?
5. Is not "lust and carnal desire" a more truthful term to describe "love" when applied to
the continuance of the race? Is not the "love" of the fawning scriptures simply a
euphemism for sexual activity, or was the "great teacher" a glorifier of eunuchs?
6. Love your enemies and do good to them that hate and use you - is this not the
despicable philosophy of the spaniel that rolls upon its back when kicked?
7. Hate your enemies with a whole heart, and if a man smite you on one cheek, SMASH him
on the other!; smite him hip and thigh, for self-preservation is the highest law!
8. He who turns the other cheek is a cowardly dog!
9. Give blow for blow, scorn for scorn, doom for doom - with compound interest
liberally added thereunto! Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, aye four-fold, a hundred-fold!
Make yourself a Terror to your adversary, and when he goeth his way, he will possess
much additional wisdom to ruminate over. Thus shall you make yourself respected in
all the walks of life, and your spirit - your immortal spirit - shall live, not in an
intangible paradise, but in the brains and sinews of those whose respect you have
gained. 
THE
BOOK OF
SATAN
IV
1. Life is the great indulgence - death, the great abstinence. Therefore, make the most of
life - HERE AND NOW!
2. There is no heaven of glory bright, and no hell where sinners roast. Here and now is
our day of torment! Here and now is our day of joy! Here and now is our opportunity!
Choose ye this day, this hour, for no redeemer liveth!
3. Say unto thine own heart, "I am mine own redeemer."
4. Stop the way of them that would persecute you. Let those who devise thine undoing be
hurled back to confusion and infamy. Let them be as chaff before the cyclone and after
they have fallen rejoice in thine own salvation.
5. Then all thy bones shall say pridefully, "Who is like unto me? Have I not been too
strong for mine adversaries? Have I not delivered MYSELF by mine own brain and 
THE
BOOK OF
SATAN
V
1. Blessed are the strong, for they shall possess the earth - Cursed are the weak, for they
shall inherit the yoke!
2. Blessed are the powerful, for they shall be reverenced among men - Cursed are the
feeble, for they shall be blotted out!
3. Blessed are the bold, for they shall be masters of the world - Cursed are the
righteously humble, for they shall be trodden under cloven hoofs!
4. Blessed are the victorious, for victory is the basis of right - Cursed are the vanquished,
for they shall be vassals forever!
5. Blessed are the iron-handed, for the unfit shall flee before them - Cursed are the poor
in spirit, for they shall be spat upon!
6. Blessed are the death-defiant, for their days shall be long in the land - Cursed are the
gazers toward a richer life beyond the grave, for they shall perish amidst plenty!
7. Blessed are the destroyers of false hope, for they are the true Messiahs - Cursed are the
god-adorers, for they shall be shorn sheep!
8. Blessed are the valiant, for they shall obtain great treasure - Cursed are the believers in
good and evil, for they are frightened by shadows!
9. Blessed are those that believe in what is best for them, for never shall their minds be
terrorized - Cursed are the "lambs of God", for they shall be bled whiter than snow!
10. Blessed is the man who has a sprinkling of enemies, for they shall make him a hero -
Cursed is he who doeth good unto others who sneer upon him in return, for he shall be
despised!
11. Blessed are the mighty-minded, for they shall ride the whirlwinds - Cursed are they
who teach lies for truth and truth for lies, for they are an abomination!
12. Thrice cursed are the weak whose insecurity makes them vile, for they shall serve and
suffer!
13. The angel of self-deceit is camped in the souls of the "righteous" - The eternal flame
of power through joy dwelleth within the flesh of the Satanist! 
(AIR)
THE BOOK OF LUCIFER
THE ENLIGHTENMENT
The Roman god, Lucifer, was the bearer of light, the spirit of the air, the personification of
enlightenment. In Christian mythology he became synonymous with evil, which was only to
have been expected from a religion whose very existence is perpetuated by clouded
definitions and bogus values! It is time to set the record straight. False moralisms and occult
inaccuracies must be corrected. Entertaining as they might be, most stories and plays about
Devil worship must be recognized as the obsolete absurdities they are. It has been said "the
truth will make men free". The truth alone has never set anyone free. It is only DOUBT which
will bring mental emancipation. Without the wonderful element of doubt, the doorway
through which truth passes would be tightly shut, impervious to the most strenuous poundings
of a thousand Lucifers. How understandable that Holy Scripture should refer to the Infernal
monarch as the "father of lies" - a magnificent example of character inversion. If one is to
believe this theological accusation that the Devil represents falsehood, then it surely must be
concurred that it was HE, NOT GOD, THAT ESTABLISHED ALL SPIRITUAL RELIGIONS AND WHO WROTE ALL OF THE
HOLY BIBLES! When one doubt is followed by another, the bubble, grown large from long
accumulated fallacies, threatens to burst. For those who already doubt supposed truths, this
book is revelation. Then Lucifer will have risen. Now is the time for doubt! The bubble of
falsehood is bursting and its sound is the roar of the world!
- W A N T E D ! -
GOD
DEAD OR ALIVE
IT is a popular misconception that the Satanist does not believe in God. The concept of
"God", as interpreted by man, has been so varied throughout the ages, that the Satanist
simply accepts the definition which suits him best. Man has always created his gods,
rather than his gods creating him. God is, to some, benign - to others, terrifying. To the
Satanist "God" - by whatever name he is called, or by no name at all - is seen as the
balancing factor in nature, and not as being concerned with suffering. This powerful
force which permeates and balances the universe is far too impersonal to care about the
happiness or misery of flesh-and-blood creatures on this ball of dirt upon which we
live.
Anyone who thinks of Satan as evil should consider all the men, women, children, and
animals who have died because it was "God's will". Certainly a person grieving the untimely
loss of a loved one whould much rather have their loved one with them than in God's hands!
Instead, they are unctuously consoled by their clergyman who says, "It was God's will, my
dear"; or "He is in God's hands now, my son." Such phrases have been a convenient way for
religionists to condone or excuse the mercilessness of God. But if God is in complete control
and as benign as he is supposed to be, why does He allow these things to happen? Too long
have religionists been falling back on their bibles and rulebooks to prove or disprove, justify,
condemn, or interpret.
The Satanist realizes that man, and the action and reaction of the universe, is responsible for
everything, and doesn't mislead himself into thinking that someone cares. No longer will we
sit back and accept "fate" without doing anything about it, just because it says so in Chapter
such and such, Psalm so and so - and that's that! The Satanist knows that praying does
absolutely no good - in fact, it actually lessens the chance of success, for the devoutly
religious too often sit back complacently and pray for a situation which, if they were to do
something about it on their own, could be accomplished much quicker!
The Satanist shuns terms such as "hope" and "prayer" as they are indicative of apprehension.
If we hope and pray for something to come about, we will not act in a positive way which will
make it happen. The Satanist, realizing that anything he gets is of his own doing, takes
command of the situation instead of praying to God for it to happen. Positive thinking and
positive action add up to results.
Just as the Satanist does not pray to God for assistance, he does not pray for forgiveness for
his wrong doings. In other religions, when one commits a wrong he either prays to God for
forgiveness, or confesses to an intermediary and asks him to pray to God for forgiveness for
his sins. The Satanist knows that praying does no good, confessing to another human being,
like himself, accomplishes even less - and is, furthermore, degrading.
When a Satanist commits a wrong, he realizes that it is natural to make a mistake - and if he is
truly sorry about what he has done, he will learn from it and take care not to do the same thing
again. If he is not honestly sorry about what he has done, and knows he will do the same thing
over and over, he has no business confessing and asking forgiveness in the first place. But this
is exactly what happens. People confess their sins so that they can clear their consciences -
and be free to go out and sin again, usually the same sin.
and be free to go out and sin again, usually the same sin.
There are many diferent interpretations of God, in the usual sense of the word, as there are
types of people. The images run from a belief in a god who is some vague sort of "universal
cosmic mind" to an anthropomorphic deity with a long white beard and sandals who keeps
track of every action of each individual.
Even within the confines of a given religion, the personal interpretations of God differ greatly.
Some religions actually go so far as to label anyone who belongs to a religious sect other than
their own a heretic, even though the overall doctrines and impressions of godliness are nearly
the same. For example: The Catholics believe that the Protestants are doomed to Hell simply
because they do not belong to the Catholic Church. In the same way, many splinter groups of
the Christian faith, such as the evangelical or revivalist churches, believe that the Catholics
are heathens who worship graven images. (Christ is depicted in the image that is most
psychologically akin to the individual worshipping him, and yet the Chrisitans criticize
"heathens" for the worship of graven images.) And the Jews have always been given the
Devil's name.
Even though the god in all of these religions is basically the same, each regards the way
chosen by the others as reprehensible, and to top it all, religionists actually PRAY for one
another! They have scorn for the brothers of the right-hand path because their religions carry
different labels, and somehow this animosity must be released. What better way than through
"prayer"! What a simperingly polite way of saying: "I hate your guts," is the thinly disguised
device known as praying for your enemy! Praying for one's own enemy is nothing more than
bargain-basement anger, and of a decidedly shoddy and inferior quality!
If there has been so much violent discrepancy as to the proper way in which to worship God,
how many different interpretations of God can there be - and who is right?
All devout "white-lighters" are concerned with pleasing God so that they might have the
"Pearly Gates" opened for them when they die. Nevertheless, if a man has not lived his life in
accordance with the regulations of his faith, he can at the last minute call a clergyman to his
deathbed for a final absolution. The priest or minister will then come running on the double,
to "make everything right" with God and see to it that his passport to the Heavenly Realm is
in order. (The Yezidis, a sect of Devil worshippers, take a different viewpoint. They believe
that God is all-powerful, but also all-forgiving, and so accordingly feel that it is the Devil
whom they must please, as he is the one who rules their lives while here on earth. They
believe so strongly that God will forgive all of their sins once they have been given the last
rites, that they feel no need to concern themselves with the opinion God may hold of them
while they live.)
With all of the contradictions in the Christian scriptures, many people currently cannot
rationally accept Christianity the way it has been practiced in the past. Great numbers of
people are beginning to doubt the existence of God, in the established Christian sense of the
word. So, they have taken to calling themselves "Christian Atheists". True, the Christian Bible
is a mass of contradictions; but what could be more contradictory than the term "Christian
Atheist"?
If prominent leaders of the Christian faith are rejecting the past interpretations of God, how
then can their followers be expected to adhere to previous religious tradition?
With all the debates about whether or not God is dead, if he isn't he had better have MEDICARE!
THE GOD YOU SAVE
MAY BE YOURSELF
ALL religions of a spiritual nature are inventions of man. He has created an entire
system of gods with nothing more than his carnal brain. Just because he has an ego,
and cannot accept it, he has to externalize it into some great spiritual device which he
calls "God".
God can do all the things man is forbidden to do - such as kill people, perform miracles
to gratify his will, control without any apparent responsibility, etc. If man needs such a
god and recognizes that god, then he is worshipping an entity that a human being
invented. Therefore, HE IS WORSHIPPING BY PROXY THE MAN THAT INVENTED GOD. Is it not more sensible to
worship a god that he, himself, has created, in accordance with his own emotional needs - one
that best represents the very carnal and physical being that has the idea-power to invent a god
in the first place?
If man insists on externalizing his true self in the form of "God", then why fear his true self, in
fearing "God", - why praise his true self in praising "God", - why remain externalized from
"God" IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN RITUAL AND RELIGIOUS CEREMONY IN HIS NAME?
Man needs ritual and dogma, but no law states that an externalized god is necessary in order
to engage in ritual and ceremony performed in a god's name! Could it be that when he closes
the gap between himself and his "God" he sees the demon of pride creeping forth - that very
embodiment of Lucifer appearing in his midst? He no longer can view himself in two parts,
the carnal and the spiritual, but sees them merge as one, and then to his abysmal horror,
discovers that they are only the carnal - AND ALWAYS WERE! Then he either hates himself to death,
day by day - or rejoices that he is what he is!
If he hates himself, he searches out new and more complex spiritual paths of "enlightenment"
in hopes that he may split himself up again in his quest for stronger and more externalized
"gods" to scourge his poor miserable shell. If he accepts himself, but recognizes that ritual and
ceremony are the important devices that his invented religions have utilized to sustain his
faith in a lie, then it is the SAME FORM OF RITUAL that will sustain his faith in the truth - the
primitive pageantry that will give his awareness of his own majestic being added substance.
When all religious faith in lies has waned, it is because man has become closer to himself and
farther from "God"; closer to the "Devil." If this is what the devil represents, and a man lives
his life in the devil's fane, with the sinews of Satan moving in his flesh, then he either escapes
from the cacklings and carpings of the righteous, or stands proudly in his secret places of the
earth and manipulates the folly-ridden masses through his own Satanic might, until that day
when he may come forth in splendor proclaiming "I AM A SATANIST! BOW DOWN, FOR I AM THE HIGHEST
EMBODIMENT OF HUMAN LIFE!"
SOME EVIDENCE OF
A NEW SATANIC AGE
THE seven deadly sins of the Christian Church are: greed, pride, envy, anger,
gluttony, lust, and sloth. Satanism advocates indulging in each of these "sins" as they
all lead to physical, mental, or emotional gratification.
A Satanist knows there is nothing wrong with being greedy, as it only means that he
wants more than he already has. Envy means to look with favor upon the possessions
of others, and to be desirous of obtaining similar things for oneself. Envy and greed are
the motivating forces of ambition - and without ambition, very little of any importance
would be accomplished.
Gluttony is simply eating more than you need to keep yourself alive. When you have
overeaten to the point of obesity, another sin - pride - will motivate you to regain an
appearance that will renew your self-respect.
Anyone who buys an article of clothing for a purpose other than covering his body and
protecting it from the elements is guilty of pride. Satanists often encounter scoffers who
maintain that labels are not necessary. It must be pointed out to these destroyers of labels that
one or many articles they themselves are wearing are not wearing are not necessary to keep
them warm. There is not a person on this earth who is completely devoid of ornamentation.
The Satanist points out that any ornamentation of the scoffer's body shows that he, too, is
guilty of pride. Regardless of how verbose the cynic may be in his intellectual description of
how free he is, he is still wearing the elements of pride.
Being reluctant to get up in the morning is to be guilty of sloth, and if you lie in bed long
enough you may find yourself commiting yet another sin - lust. To have the faintest stirring of
sexual desire is to be guilty of lust. In order to insure the propagation of humanity, nature
made lust the second most powerful instinct, the first being self-preservation. Realizing this,
the Christian Church made fornication the "Original Sin". In this way they made sure no one
would escape sin. Your very state of being is as a result of sin - the Original sin!
The strongest instinct in every living thing is self-preservation, which brings us to the last of
the seven deadly sins - anger. Is it not our instinct for self-preservation that is aroused when
someone harms us, when we become angry enough to protect ourselves from further attack?
A Satanist practices the motto, "If a man smite thee on one cheek, smash him on the other!"
Let no wrong go unredressed. Be as a lion in the path - be dangerous even in defeat!
Since man's natural instincts lead him to sin, all men are sinners; and all sinners go to hell. If
everyone goes to hell, then you will meet all your friends there. Heaven must be populated
with some rather strange creatures if they all lived for was to go to a place where they can
strum harps for eternity.
"Times have changed. Religious leaders no longer preach that all our natural actions are
sinful. We no longer think sex is dirty - or that taking pride in ourselves is shameful - or that
wanting something someone else has is vicious." Of course not, times have changed! "If you
want proof of this, just look at how liberal churches have become. Why, they're practicing all
the things that you preach."
Satanists hear these, and similar statements, all the time; and they agree wholeheartedly. BUT,
if the world has changed so much, why continue to grasp at the threads of a dying faith? If
many religions are denying their own scriptures because they are out of date, and are
preaching the philosophies of Satanism, why not call it by its rightful name - Satanism?
Certainly it would be far less hypocritical.
In recent years there has been an attempt to humanize the spiritual concept of Christianity.
This has manifested itself in the most obvious non-spiritual means. Masses which had been
said in Latin are now said in native languages - which only succeeds in making the nonsense
easier to understand, and at the same time robs the ceremony of the esoteric nature which is
consistent with the tenets of the dogma. It is much simpler to obtain an emotional reaction
using words and phrases that cannot be understood than it is with statements which even the
simplest mind will question when hearing them in an understandable language.
If priests and ministers were to have used the devices to fill their churches one hundred years
ago that they use today, they would have been charged with heresy, called devils, oft-times
persecuted, but certainly excommunicated without hesitation.
The religionists wail, "We must keep up with the times," forgetting that, due to limiting
factors and deeply engrained laws of white light religions, there can never be sufficient
change to meet the needs of man.
Past religions have always represented the spiritual nature of man, with little or no concern for
his carnal or mundane needs. They have considered this life but transitory, and the flesh
merely a shell; physical pleasure trivial, and pain a worthwhile preparation for the "Kingdom
of God". How well the utter hypocrisy comes forth when the "righteous" make a change in
their religion to keep up with man's natural change! The only way that Christianity can ever
completely serve the needs of man is to become as Satanism is NOW.
It has become necessary for a NEW religion, based on man's natural instincts, to come forth.
THEY have named it. It is called Satanism. It is that power condemned that has caused the
religious controversy over birth-control measures - a disgruntled admission that sexual
activity, for fun, is here to stay.
It is the "Devil" who caused women to show their legs, to titillate men - the same kind of legs,
now socially acceptable to gaze upon, which are revealed by young nuns as they walk about
in their shortened habits. What a delightful step in the right (or left) direction! Is it possible
we will soon see "topless" nuns sensually throwing their bodies about to the "Missa Solemnis
Rock"? Satan smiles and says he would like that fine - many nuns are very pretty girls with
nice legs.
Many churches with some of the largest congregations have the most hand-clapping, sensual
music - also Satanically inspired. After all, the Devil has always had the best tunes.
Church picnics, despite all of Aunt Martha's talk about the Lord's Bountiful Harvest, are
nothing more than a good excuse for Sunday gluttony; and everyone knows that lots more
than Bible reading goes on in the bushes.
The fund-raising adjunct to many church bazaars is commonly known as a carnival, which
used to mean the celebration of the flesh; now a carnival is okay because the money goes to
the church so that it can preach against the temptations of the Devil! It will be said that these 
things are only pagan devices and ceremonies - that the Christians borrowed them. True, but
the Pagans revelled in the delights of the flesh, and were condemned by the very same people
who celebrate their rituals, but call them by different names.
Priests and ministers are in the front lines of peace demonstrations, and lying on railroad
tracks in front of trains carrying war materials, with as much dedication as their brothers of
the cloth, from the same seminaries, who are blessing the bullets and bombs and fighting men
as chaplains in the armed forces. Someone must be wrong, someplace. Could it be that Satan
is the one qualified to act as accuser? Certainly they named him that!
When a puppy reaches maturity it becomes a dog; when ice melts it is called water; when
twelve months have been used up, we get a new calendar with the proper chronological name;
when "magic" becomes scientific fact we refer to it as medicine, astronomy, etc. When one
name is no longer appropriate for a given thing it is only logical to change it to a new one
which better fits the subject. Why, then, do we not follow suit in the area of religion? Why
continue to call a religion the same name when the tenets of that religion no longer fit the
original one? Or, if religion does preach the same things that it always has, but its followers
practice nearly none of its teachings, why do they continue to call themselves by the name
given to followers of that religion?
If you do not believe in what your religion teaches, why continue to support a belief which is
contradictory with your feelings. You would never vote for a person or issue you did not
believe in, so why cast your ecclesiastical vote for a religion which is not consistent with your
convictions? You have no right to complain about a political situation you have voted for or
supported in any way - which includes sitting back and complacently agreeing with neighbors
who approve the situation, just because you are too lazy or cowardly to speak your mind. So it
is with religious balloting. Even if you cannot be aggressively honest about your opinions
because of unfavorable consequences from employers, community leaders, etc., you can, at
least, be honest with yourself. In the privacy of your own home and with close friends you
must support religion which has YOUR best interests at heart.
"Satanism is based on a very sound philosophy," say the emancipated. "But why call it
Satanism? Why not call it something like 'Humanism' or a name that would have the
connotation of a witchcraft group, something a little more esoteric - something less blatant."
There is more than one reason for this. Humanism is not a religion. It is simply a way of life
with no ceremony or dogma. Satanism has both ceremony and dogma. Dogma, as will be
explained, is necessary.
Satanism differs greatly from all other so-called white-light, "white" witchcraft or magical
groups in the world today. These self-righteous and supercilious religions protest that their
members use the powers of magic only for altruistic purposes. Satanists look with disdain
upon "white" witchcraft groups because they feel that altruism is sinning on the lay-away
plan. It is unnatural not to have desire to gain things for yourself. Satanism represents a form
of controlled selfishness. This does not mean that you never do anything for anyone else. If
you do something to make someone for whom you care happy, his happiness will give you a
sense of gratification.
Satanism advocates practicing a modified form of the Golden Rule. Our interpretation of this
rule is: "Do unto others as they do unto you"; because if you "Do unto others as you would
have them do unto you," and they, in turn, treat you badly, it goes against human nature to
continue to treat them with consideration. You should do unto others as you would have them 
do unto you, but if your courtesy is not returned, they should be treated with the wrath they
deserve.
White witchcraft groups say that if you curse a person, it will return to you three-fold, come
home to roost, or in some way boomerang back to the sender. This is yet another indication of
the guilt-ridden philosophy which is held by these neo-Pagan, pseudo-Christian groups. White
witches want to delve into witchcraft, but cannot divorce themselves from the stigma attached
to it. Therefore, they call themselves white magicians, and base seventy-five per cent of their
philosophy on the trite and hackneyed tenets of Christianity. Anyone who pretends to be
interested in magic or the occult for reasons other that gaining personal power is the worst
kind of hypocrite. The Satanist respects Christianity for, at least, being consistent in its guiltridden philosophy, but can only feel contempt for the people who attempt to appear
emancipated from guilt by joining a witchcraft group, and then practice the same basic
philosophy as Christianity.
White magic is supposedly utilized only for good or unselfish purposes, and black magic, we
are told, is used only for selfish or "evil" reasons. Satanism draws no such dividing line.
Magic is magic, be it used to help or hinder. The Satanist, being the magician, should have the
ability to decide what is just, and then apply the powers of magic to attain his goals.
During white magical ceremonies, the practitioners stand within a pentagram to protect
themselves from the "evil" forces which they call upon for help. To the Satanist, it seems a bit
two-faced to call on these forces for help, while at the same time protecting yourself from the
very powers you have asked for assistance. The Satanist realizes that only by putting himself
in league with these forces can be fully and unhypocritically utilize the Powers of Darkness to
his best advantage.
In a Satanic magical ceremony, the participants do NOT: join hands and dance "ring around the
rosy" in a circle; burn candles of various colors for various wishes; call out the names of
"Father, Son and Holy Ghost" while supposedly practicing Black Arts; pick a "Saint" for their
personal guide in obtaining help for their problems; dunk themselves in smelly oils and hope
the money comes in; meditate so they can arrive at a "great spiritual awakening"; recite long
incantations with the name of Jesus thrown in for good measure, between every few words,
etc., etc., etc., ad nauseam!
BECAUSE - This is NOT the way to practice Satanic magic. If you cannot divorce yourself from
hypocritical self-deceit, you will never be successful as a magician, much less a Satanist.
The Satanic religion has not merely lifted the coin - it has flipped it completely over.
Therefore, why should it support the very principles to which it is completely opposed by
calling itself anything other than a name which is totally in keeping with the reversed
doctrines which make up the Satanic philosophy? Satanism is not a white light religion; it is a
religion of the flesh, the mundane, the carnal - all of which are ruled by Satan, the
personification of the Left Hand Path.
Inevitably, the next question asked is: "Granted, you can't call it humanism because
humanism is not a religion; but why even have a religion in the first place if all you do is what
comes naturally, anyway? Why not just do it?"
Modern man has come a long way; he has become disenchanted with the nonsensical dogmas
of past religions. We are living in an enlightened age. Psychiatry has made great strides in 
enlightening man about his true personality. We are living in an era of intellectual awareness
unlike any the world has ever seen.
This is all very well and good, BUT - there is one flaw in this new state of awareness. It is one
thing to accept something intellectually, but to accept the same thing emotionally is an
entirely different matter. The one need that psychiatry cannot fill is man's inherent need for
emotionalizing through dogma. Man needs ceremony and ritual, fantasy and enchantment.
Psychiatry, despite all the good it has done, has robbed man of wonder and fantasy which
religion, in the past, has provided.
Satanism, realizing the current needs of man, fills the large grey void between religion and
psychiatry. The Satanic philosophy combines the fundamentals of psychology and good,
honest emotionalizing, or dogma. It provides man with his much needed fantasy. There is
nothing wrong with dogma, providing it is not based on ideas and actions which go
completely against human nature.
The quickest way of traveling between two points is in a straight line. If all the guilts that
have been built up can be turned into advantages, it eliminates the need for intellectual
purging of the psyche in an attempt to cleanse it from these repressions. Satanism is the only
religion known to man that accepts man as he is, and promotes the rationale of turning a bad
thing into a good thing rather than bending over backwards to eliminate the bad thing.
Therefore, after intellectually evaluating your problems through common sense and drawing
on what psychiatry has taught us, if you still cannot emotionally release yourself from
unwarranted guilt, and put your theories into action, then you should learn to make your guilt
work for you. You should act upon your natural instincts, and then, if you cannot perform
without feeling guilty, revel in your guilt. This may sound like a contradiction in terms, but if
you will think about it, guilt can often add a fillip to the senses. Adults would do well to take
a lesson from children. Children often take great delight in doing something they know they
are not supposed to.
Yes, times have changed, but man hasn't. The basics of Satanism have always existed. The
only thing that is new is the formal organization of a religion based on the universal traits of
man. For centuries, magnificent structures of stone, concrete, mortar, and steel have been
devoted to man's abstinence. It is high time that human beings stopped fighting themselves,
and devoted their time to building temples designed for man's indulgences.
Even though times have changed, and always will, man remains basically the same. For two
thousand years man has done penance for something he never should have had to feel guilty
about in the first place. We are tired of denying ourselves the pleasures of life which we
deserve. Today, as always, man needs to enjoy himself here and now, instead of waiting for
his rewards in heaven. So, why not have a religion based on indulgence? Certainly, it is
consistent with the nature of the beast. We are no longer supplicating weaklings trembling
before an unmerciful "God" who cares not whether we live or die. We are self-respecting,
prideful people - we are Satanists!
HELL, THE DEVIL,
AND HOW TO
SELL YOUR SOUL
SATAN has certainly been the best friend the church has ever had, as he has kept it in
business all these years. The false doctrine of Hell and the Devil has allowed the
Protestant and Catholic Churches to flourish far too long. Without a devil to point their
fingers at, religionists of the right hand path would have nothing with which to threaten
their followers. "Satan leads you to temptation"; "Satan is the prince of evil"; "Satan is
vicious, cruel, brutal," they warn. "If you give in to the temptations of the devil, you
will surely suffer eternal damnation and roast in Hell."
The semantic meaning of Satan is the "adversary" or "opposition" or the "accuser". The very
word "devil" comes from the Indian devi which means "god". Satan represents opposition to
all religions which serve to frustrate and condemn man for his natural instincts. He has been
given an evil role simply because he represents the carnal, earthly, and mundane aspects of
life.
Satan, the chief devil of the Western World, was originally an angel whose duty was to report
human delinquencies to God. It was not until the Fourteenth Century that he began to be
depicted as an evil deity who was part man and part animal, with goat-like horns and hooves.
Before Christianity gave him the names of Satan, Lucifer, etc., the carnal side of man's nature
was governed by the god which was then called Dionysus, or Pan, depicted as a satyr or faun,
by the Greeks. Pan was originally the "good guy", and symbolized fertility and fecundity.
Whenever a nation comes under a new form of government, the heroes of the past become
villains of the present. So it is with religion. The earliest Christians believed that the Pagan
deities were devils, and to employ them was to use "black magic". Miraculous heavenly
events they termed "white magic"; this was the sole distinction between the two. The old gods
did not die, they fell into Hell and became devils. The bogey, goblin, or bugaboo used to
frighten children is derived from the Slavonic "Bog" which means "god", as does Bhaga in
Hindu.
Many pleasures revered before the advent of Christianity were condemned by the new
religion. It required little changeover to transform the horns and cloven hooves of Pan into a
most convincing devil! Pan's attributes could be neatly changed into charged-with-punishment
sins, and so the metamorphosis was complete.
The association of the goat with the Devil is found in the Christian Bible, where the holiest
day of the year, the Day of Atonement, was celebrated by casting lots for two goats "without
blemish", one to be offered to the Lord, and one to Azazel. The goat carrying the sins of the
people was driven into the desert and became a "scapegoat". This is the origin of the goat
which is still used in lodge ceremonies today as it was also used in Egypt, where once a year
it was sacrificed to a God.
The devils of mankind are many, and their origins diversified. The performance of Satanic
ritual does not embrace the calling forth of demons; this practice is followed only by those
who are in fear of the very forces they conjure.
Supposedly, demons are malevolent spirits with attributes conductive to the deterioration of
the people or events that they touch upon. The Greek word demon meant a guardian spirit or
source of inspiration, and to be sure, later theologians invented legion upon legion of these
harbingers of inspiration - all wicked.
An indication of the cowardice of "magicians" of the right-hand path is the practice of calling
upon a particular demon (who would supposedly be a minion of the devil) to do his bidding.
The assumption is that the demon, being only a flunky of the devil, is easier to control. Occult
lore states that only the most formidably "protected" or insanely foolhardy sorcerer would try
to call forth the Devil himself.
The Satanist does not furtively call upon these "lesser" devils, but brazenly invokes those who
people that infernal army of long-standing outrage - the Devils themselves!
Theologians have catalogued some of the names of devils in their lists of demons, as might be
expected, but the roster which follows contains the names and origins of the Gods and
Goddesses called upon, which make up a large part of the occupancy of the Royal Palace of
Hell:
THE FOUR CROWN PRINCES OF HELL
SATAN - (Hebrew) adversary, opposite, accuser, Lord of fire, the inferno, the south
LUCIFER - (Roman) bringer of light, enlightenment, the air, the morning star, the east
BELIAL - (Hebrew) without a master, baseness of the earth, independence, the north
LEVIATHAN - (Hebrew) the serpent out of the deeps, the sea, the west
THE INFERNAL NAMES
Abaddon - (Hebrew) the destroyer
Adramelech - Samarian devil
Ahpuch - Mayan devil
Ahriman - Mazdean devil
Amon - Egyptian ram-headed god of life and reproduction
Apollyon - Greek synonym for Satan, the arch fiend
Asmodeus - Hebrew devil of sensuality and luxury, originally "creature of judgement"
Astaroth - Phoenician goddess of lasciviousness, equivalent of Babylonian Ishtar
Azazel - (Hebrew) taught man to make weapons of war, introduced cosmetics
Baalberith - Canaanite Lord of the covenant who was later made a devil
Balaam - Hebrew Devil of avarice and greed
Baphomet - worshipped by the Templars as symbolic of Satan
Bast - Egyptian goddess of pleasure represented by the cat
Beelzebub - (Hebrew) Lord of the Flies, taken from symbolism of the scarab
Behemoth - Hebrew personification of Satan in the form of an elephant
Beherit - Syriac name for Satan
Bilé - Celtic god of Hell
Chemosh- national god of Moabites, later a devil
Cimeries - rides a black horse and rules Africa
Coyote - American Indian devil
Dagon - Philistine avenging devil of the sea
Damballa - Voodoo serpent god
Demogorgon - Greek name of the devil, it is said should not be known to mortals
Diabolus - (Greek) "flowing downwards"
Dracula - Romanian name for devil
Emma-O - Japanese ruler of Hell
Euronymous - Greek prince of death
Fenriz - son of Loki, depicted as a wolf
Gorgo - dim. of Demogorgon, Greek name of the devil
Haborym - Hebrew synonym for Satan
Hecate - Greek goddess of the underworld and witchcraft
Ishtar - Babylonian goddess of fertility
Kali - (Hindu) daughter of Shiva, high priestess of the Thuggees
Lilith - Hebrew female devil, Adam's first wife who taught him the ropes
Loki - Teutonic devil
Mammon - Aramaic god of wealth and profit
Mania - Etruscan goddess of Hell
Mantus - Etruscan god of Hell
Marduk - god of the city of Babylon
Mastema - Hebrew synonym for Satan
Melek Taus - Yezidi devil
Mephistopheles - (Greek) he who shuns the light, q. v. Faust
Metztli - Aztec goddess of the night
Mictian - Aztec god of death
Midgard - son of Loki, depicted as a serpent
Milcom - Ammonite devil
Moloch - Phoenician and Canaanite devil
Mormo - (Greek) King of the Ghouls, consort of Hecate
Naamah - Hebrew female devil of seduction
Nergal - Babylonian god of Hades
Nihasa - American Indian devil
Nija - Polish god of the underworld
O-Yama - Japanese name for Satan
Pan - Greek god of lust, later relegated to devildom
Pluto - Greek god of the underworld
Proserpine - Greek queen of the underworld
Pwcca - Welsh name for Satan
Rimmon - Syrian devil worshipped at Damascus
Sabazios - Phrygian origin, identified with Dionysos, snake worship
Saitan - Enochian equivalent of Satan
Sammael - (Hebrew) "venom of God"
Samnu - Central Asian devil
Sedit - American Indian devil
Sekhmet - Egyptian goddess of vengeance
Set - Egyptian devil
Shaitan - Arabic name for Satan
Shiva - (Hindu) the destroyer
Supay - Inca god of the underworld
T'an-mo - Chinese counterpart to the devil, covetousness, desire
Tchort - Russian name for Satan, "black god"
Tezcatlipoca - Aztec god of Hell
Thamuz - Sumerian god who later was relegated to devildom
Thoth - Egyptian god of magic
Tunrida - Scandanavian female devil
Typhon - Greek personification of Satan
Yaotzin - Aztec god of Hell
Yen-lo-Wang - Chinese ruler of Hell
The devils of past religions have always, at least in part, had animal characteristics, evidence
of man's constant need to deny that he too is an animal, for to do so would serve a mighty
blow to his impoverished ego.
The pig was despised by the Jews and the Egyptians. It symbolized the gods Frey, Osiris,
Adonis, Persephone, Attis, and Demeter, and was sacrificed to Osiris and the Moon. But, in
time, it became degraded into a devil. The Phoenicians worhipped a fly god, Baal, from which
comes the devil, Beelzebub. Both Baal and Beelzebub are identical to the dung beetle or
scarabaeus of the Egyptians which appeared to resurrect itself, much as the mythical bird, the
phoenix, rose from its own ashes. The ancient Jews believed, through their contact with the
Persians, that the two great forces in the world were Ahura-Mazda, the god of fire, light, life,
and goodness; and Ahriman, the serpent, the god of darkness, destruction, death, and evil.
These, and countless other examples, not only depict man's devils as animals, but also show
his need to sacrifice the original animal gods and demote them to his devils.
At the time of the Reformation, in the Sixteenth Century, the alchemist, Dr. Johann Faustus,
discovered a method of summoning a demon - Mephistopheles - from Hell and making a pact
with him. He signed a contract in blood to turn his soul over to Mephistopheles in return for
the feeling of youth, and at once became young. When the time came for Faustus to die, he
retired to his room and was blown to bits as though his laboratory had exploded. This story is
a protest of the times (the Sixteenth Century) against science, chemistry, and magic.
To the Satanist, it is unnecessary to sell your soul to the Devil or make a pact with Satan. This
threat was devised by Christianity to terrorize people so they would not stray from the fold.
With scolding fingers and trembling voices, they taught their followers that if they gave in to
the temptations of Satan, and lived their lives according to their natural predilictions, they
would have to pay for their sinful pleasures by giving their souls to Satan and suffering in
Hell for all eternity. People were led to believe that a pure soul was a passport to everlasting
life.
Pious prophets have taught man to fear Satan. But what of terms like "God fearing"? If God is
so merciful, why do people have to fear him? Are we to believe there is nowhere we can turn
to escape fear? If you have to fear God, why not be "Satan fearing" and at least have the fun
that being God fearing denies you? Without such a wholesale fear religionists would have had
nothing with which to wield power over their followers.
The Teutonic Goddess of the Dead and daughter of Loki was named Hel, a Pagan god of
torture and punishment. Another "L" was added when the books of the Old Testament were
formulated. The prophets who wrote the Bible did not know the word "Hell"; they used the
Hebrew Sheol and the Greek Hades, which meant the grave; also the Greek Tartaros, which
was the abode of fallen angels, the underworld (inside the earth), and Gehenna, which was a
valley near Jerusalem where Moloch reigned and garbage was dumped and burned. It is from
this that the Christian Church has evolved the idea of "fire and brimstone" in Hell.
The Protestant Hell and the Catholic Hell are places of eternal punishment; however, the
Catholics also believe there is a "Purgatory" where all souls go for a time, and a "Limbo"
where unbaptized souls go. The Buddhist Hell is divided into eight sections, the first seven of 
which can be expiated. The ecclesiastical description of Hell is that of a horrible place of fire
and torment; in Dante's Inferno, and in northern climes, it was thought to be an icy cold
region, a giant refrigerator.
(Even with all their threats of eternal damnation and soul roasting, Christian missionaries
have run across some who were not so quick to swallow their drivel. Pleasure and pain, like
beauty, are in the eye of the beholder. So, when missionaries ventured into Alaska and warned
the Eskimos of the horrors of Hell and the blazing lake of fire awaiting transgressors, they
eagerly asked: "How do we get there?"!)
Most Satanists do not accept Satan as an anthropomorphic being with cloven hooves, a barbed
tail, and horns. He merely represents a force in nature - the powers of darkness which have
been named just that because no religion has taken these forces out of the darkness. Nor has
science been able to apply technical terminology to this force. It is an untapped resivoir that
few can make use of because they lack the ability use a tool without having to first break
down and label all the parts which make it run. It is this incessant need to analyze which
prohibits most people from taking advantage of this many faceted key to the unknown - which
the Satanist chooses to call "Satan".
Satan, as a god, demi-god, personal saviour, or whatever you wish to call him, was invented
by the formulators of every religion on the face of the earth for only one purpose - to preside
over man's so-called wicked activities and situations here on earth. Consequently, anything
resulting in physical or mental gratification was defined as "evil" - thus assuring a lifetime of
unwarrented guilt for everyone!
So, if "evil" they have named us, evil we are - and so what! The Satanic Age is upon us! Why
not take advantage of it and LIVE!
LOVE AND HATE
SATANISM represents kindness to those who deserve it instead of love wasted on
ingrates!
You cannot love everyone; it is ridiculous to think you can. If you love everyone and
everything you lose your natural powers of selection and wind up being a pretty poor
judge of character and quality. If anything is used too freely it loses its true meaning.
Therefore, the Satanist believes you should love strongly and completely those who
deserve your love, but never turn the other cheek to your enemy!
Love is one of the most intense emotions felt by man; another is hate. Forcing yourself to feel
indiscriminate love is very unnatural. If you try to love everyone you only lessen your
feelings for those who deserve your love. Repressed hatred can lead to many physical and
emotional ailments. By learning to release your hatred towards those who deserve it, you
cleanse yourself of these malignant emotions and need not take your pent-up hatred out on
your loved ones.
There has never been a great "love" movement in the history of the world that hasn't wound
up killing countless numbers of people, we must assume, to prove how much they loved
them! Every hypocrite who ever walked the earth has had pockets buldging with love!
Every pharisaical religionist claims to love his enemies, even though when wronged he
consoles himself by thinking "God will punish them". Instead of admitting to themselves that
they are capable of hating their foes and treating them in the manner they deserve, they say:
"There, but for the grace of God, go I," and "pray" for them. Why should we humiliate and
lower ourselves by drawing such inaccurate comparisons?
Satanism has been thought of as being synonymous with cruelty and brutality. This is so only
because people are afraid to face the truth - and the truth is that human beings are not all
benign or all loving. Just because the Satanist admits he is capable of both love and hate, he is
considered hateful. On the contrary, because he is able to give vent to his hatred through
ritualized expression, he is far more capable of love - the deepest kind of love. By honestly
recognizing and admitting to both the hate and the love he feels, there is no confusing one
emotion with the other. Without being able to experience one of these emotions, you cannot
fully experience the other.
SATANIC SEX
MUCH controversy has arisen over the Satanic views on "free love". It is often
assumed that sexual activity is the most important factor of the Satanic religion, and
that willingness to participate in sex-orgies is a prerequisite for becoming a Satanist.
Nothing could be farther from the truth! In fact, opportunists who have no deeper
interest in Satanism than merely the sexual aspects are emphatically discouraged.
Satanism does advocate sexual freedom, but only in the true sense of the word. Free
love, in the Satanic concept, means exactly that - freedom to either be faithful to one
person or to indulge your sexual desires with as many others as you feel is necessary to satisfy
your particular needs.
Satanism does not encourage orgiastic activity or extramarital affairs for those to whom they
do not come naturally. For many, it would be very unnatural and detrimental to be unfaithful
to their chosen mates. To others, it would be frustrating to be bound sexually to just one
person. Each person must decide for himself what form of sexual activity best suits his
individual needs. Self-deceitfully forcing yourself to be adulterous or to have sex partners
when not married just for the sake of proving others (or worse yet, to yourself) that you are
emancipated from sexual guilt is just as wrong, by Satanic standards, as leaving any sexual
need unfulfilled because of ingrained feelings of guilt.
Many of those who are constantly preoccupied with demonstrating their emancipation from
sexual guilt are, in reality, held in even greater sexual bondage than those who simply accept
sexual activity as a natural part of life and don't make a big to-do over their sexual freedom.
For example, it is an established fact that the nymphomaniac (every man's dream girl and
heroine of all lurid novels) is not sexually free, but is actually frigid and roves from man to
man because she is too inhibited to ever find complete sexual release.
Another misconception is the idea that ability to engage in group sexual activity is the
indicative of sexual freedom. All contemporary free-sex groups have one thing in common -
discouragement of fetishistic or deviant activity.
Actually, the most forced examples of non-fetishistic sexual activity thinly disguised as
"freedom" have a common format. Each of the participants in an orgy removes all clothing,
following the example set forth by one, and mechanically fornicate - also following the
leader's example. None of the performers consider that their "emancipated" form of sex might
be regarded as regimented and infantile by non-members who fail to equate uniformity with
freedom.
The Satanist realizes that if he is to be a sexual connoiseur (and truly free from all sexual
guilt) he cannot be stifled by the so-called sexual revolutionists any more than he can by the
prudery of his guilt-ridden society. These free-sex clubs miss the whole point of sexual
freedom. Unless sexual activity can be expressed on an individual basis (which includes
personal fetishes), there is absolutely no purpose in belonging to a sexual freedom
organization.
Satanism condones any type of sexual activity which properly satisfies your individual desires
- be it heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, or even asexual, if you choose. Satanism also 
sanctions any fetish or deviation which will enhance your sex-life, so long as it involves no
one who does not wish to be involved.
The prevalence of deviant and/or fetishistic behavior in our society would stagger the
imagination of the sexually naïve. There are more sexual variants than the unenlightened
individual can perceive: transvestism, sadism, masochism, urolagnia, exhibitionism - to name
only a few of the more predominant. Everyone has some form of fetish, but because they are
unaware of the preponderance of fetishistic activity in our society, they feel they are depraved
if they submit to their "unnatural" yearnings.
Even the asexual has a deviation - his asexuality. It is far more abnormal to have a lack of
sexual desire (unless illness or old-age, or another valid reason has caused the wane) than it is
to be sexually promiscuous. However, if a Satanist chooses sexual sublimination above overt
sexual expression, that is entirely his own affair. In many cases of sexual sublimination (or
asexuality), any attempt to emancipate himself sexually would prove devastating to the
asexual.
Asexuals are invariably sexually sublimated by their jobs or hobbies. All the energy and
driving interest which would normally be devoted to sexual activity is channelled into other
pastimes or into their chosen occupations. If a person favors other interests over sexual
activity, it is his right, and no one is justified in condemning him for it. However, the person
should at least recognize the fact that this is a sexual sublimation.
Because of lack of opportunity for expression, many secret sexual desires never progress
beyond the fantasy stage. Lack of release often leads to compulsion and, therefore, a great
number of people devise undetectable methods of giving vent to their urges. Just because
most fetishistic activity is not outwardly apparent, the sexually unsophisticated should not
delude himself into thinking it does not exist. To cite examples of the ingenious techniques
used: The male transvestite will indulge in his fetish by wearing feminine undergarments
while going about his daily activities; or the masochistic woman might wear a rubber girdle
several sizes too small, so she may derive sexual pleasure from her fetishistic discomfort
throughout the day, with no one the wiser. These illustrations are far tamer and more
prevalent examples than others which could have been given.
Satanism encourages any form of sexual expression you may desire, so long as it hurts no one
else. This statement must be qualified, to avoid misinterpretation. By not hurting another, this
does not include the unintentional hurt felt by those who might not agree with your views on
sex, because of their anxieties regarding sexual morality. Naturally, you should avoid
offending others who mean a great deal to you, such as prudish friends and relatives.
However, if you earnestly endeavor to escape hurting them, and despite your efforts they
accidentally find out, you cannot be held responsible, and therefore should feel no guilt as a
result of either your sexual convictions, or their being hurt because of those convictions. If
you are in constant fear of offending the prudish by your attitude towards sex, then there is no
sense in trying to emancipate yourself from sexual guilt. However, no purpose is served by
flaunting your permissiveness.
The other exception to the rule regards dealings with masochists. A masochist derives
pleasure from being hurt; so denying the masochist his pleasure-through-pain hurts him just as
much as actual physical pain hurts the non-masochist. The story of the truly cruel sadist
illustrates this point: The masochist says to the sadist, "beat me." To which the merciless
sadist replies, "NO!" If a person wants to be hurt and enjoys suffering, then there is no reason 
not to indulge him in his wont.
The term "sadist" in popular usage describes one who obtains pleasure from indiscriminate
brutality. Actually, though, a true sadist is selective. He carefully chooses from the vast
reserve of appropriate victims, and takes great delight in giving those who thrive on misery
the fulfillment of their desires. The "well-adjusted" sadist is epicurean in selecting those on
whom his energies will be well-spent! If a person is healthy enough to admit he is a masochist
and enjoys being enslaved and whipped, the real sadist is glad to oblige!
Aside from the foregoing exceptions, the Satanist would not intentionally hurt others by
violating their sexual rights. If you attempt to impose your sexual desires upon others who do
not welcome your advances, you are infringing upon their sexual freedom. Therefore,
Satanism does not advocate rape, child molesting, sexual defilement of animals, or any other
form of sexual activity which entails the participation of those who are unwilling or whose
innocence or naïveté would allow them to be intimidated or misguided into doing something
against their wishes.
If all parties involved are mature adults who willingly take full responsibility for their actions
and voluntarily engage in a given form of sexual expression - even if it is generally
considered taboo - then there is no reason for them to repress their sexual inclinations.
If you are aware of all the implications, advantages, and disadvantages, and are certain your
actions will hurt no one who does not wish or deserve to be hurt, you have no cause to
suppress your sexual preferences.
Just as no two people are exactly the same in their choice of diet or have the same capacity for
the consumption of food, sexual tastes and appetites vary from person to person. No person or
society has the right to set limitations on the sexual standards or the frequency of sexual
activity of another. Proper sexual conduct can only be judged within the context of each
individual situation. Therefore, what one person considers sexually correct and moral may be
frustrating to another. The reverse is also true; one person may have great sexual prowess, but
it is unjust for him to belittle another whose sexual capacity may not equal his own, and
inconsiderate for him to impose himself upon the other person, i.e., the man who has a
voracious sexual appetite, but whose wife's sexual needs do not match his own. It is unfair for
him to expect her to enthusiastically respond to his overtures; but she must display the same
degree of thoughtfulness. In the instances when she does not feel great passion, she should
either passively, but pleasantly, accept him sexually, or raise no complaint if he chooses to
find his needed release elsewhere - including auto-erotic practices.
The ideal relationship is one in which the people are deeply in love with one another and are
sexually compatible. However, perfect relationships are relatively uncommon. It is important
to point out here that spiritual love and sexual love can, but do not necessarily, go hand in
hand. If there is a certain amount of sexual compatibility, often it is limited; and some, but not
all, of the sexual desires will be fulfilled.
There is no greater sexual pleasure than that derived from association with someone you
deeply love, if you are sexually well-suited. If you are not suited to one another sexually,
though, it must be stressed that lack of sexual compatibility does not indicate lack of spiritual
love. One can, and often does, exist without the other. As a matter of fact, often one member
of a couple will resort to outside sexual activity because he deeply loves his mate, and wishes
to avoid hurting or imposing upon his loved one. Deep spiritual love is enriched by sexual 
love, and it is certainly a necessary ingredient for any satisfactory relationship; but because of
differing sexual predilictions, outside sexual activity or masturbation sometimes provides a
needed supplement.
Masturbation, considered a sexual taboo by many people, creates a guilt problem not easily
dealt with. Much emphasis must be placed on this subject, as it constitutes an extremely
important ingredient of many a successful magical working.
Ever since the Judaeo-Christian Bible described the sin of Onan (Gen. 38:7-10), man has
considered the seriousness and consequences of the "solitary vice". Even though modern
sexologists have explained the sin of Onan as simply coitus interruptus, the damage has been
done through centuries of theological misinterpretation.
Aside from actual sex crimes, masturbation is one of the most frowned upon sexual acts.
During the last century, innumerable texts were written describing the horrific consequences
of masturbation. Practically all physical or mental illnesses were attributed to the evils of
masturbation. Pallor of the complexion, shortness of breath, furtive expression, sunken chest,
nervousness, pimples and loss of appetite are only a few of the many characteristics
supposedly resulting from masturbation; total physical and mental collapse was assured if one
did not heed the warnings in those handbooks for young men.
The lurid descriptions in such texts would be almost humorous, were it not for the unhappy
fact that even though contemporary sexologists, doctors, writers, etc. have done much to
remove the stigma of masturbation, the deep-seated guilts induced by the nonsense in those
sexual primers have been only partially erased. A large percentage of people, especially those
over forty, cannot emotionally accept the fact that masturbation is natural and healthy, even if
they now accept it intellectually; and they, in turn, relate their repugnance, often
subconsciously, to their children.
It was thought that one would go insane if, despite numerous admonitions, his auto-erotic
practices persisted. This preposterous myth grew from reports of wide-spread masturbation by
the inmates of mental institutions. It was assumed that since almost all incurably insane
people masturbated, it was their masturbation that had driven them mad. No one ever stopped
to consider the lack of sexual partners of the opposite sex and the freedom from inhibition,
which is a characteristic of extreme insanity, were the real reasons for the masturbatory
practices of the insane.
Many people would rather have their mates seek outside sexual activity than perform autoerotic acts because of their own guilt feelings, the mate's repugnance towards having them
engage in masturbation, or the fear of their mate's repugnance - although in a surprising
number of cases, a vicarious thrill is obtained from the knowledge that the mate is having
sexual experiences with outsiders - although this is seldom admitted.
If stimulation is provided by envisioning one's mate sexually engaged with others, this should
be brought out into the open where both parties may gain from such activities. However, if the
prohibition of masturbation is only due to guilt feelings on the part of one or both parties, they
should make every attempt to erase those guilts - or utilize them. Many relationships might be
saved from destruction if the people involved did not feel guilt about performing the natural
act of masturbation.
Masturbation is regarded as evil because it produces pleasure derived from intentionally 
fondling a "forbidden" area of the body by one's own hand. The guilt feelings accompanying
most sexual acts can be assuaged by the religiously-acceptable contention that your sensual
delights are necessary to produce off-spring - even though you cautiously watch the calendar
for the "safe" days. You cannot, however, placate yourself with this rationale while engaging
in masturbatory practices.
No matter what you've been told about the "immaculate conception" - even if blind faith
allows you to swallow this absurdity - you know full well if you are to produce a child, there
must be sexual contact with a person of the opposite sex! If you feel guilty for committing the
"original sin," you certainly will feel even deeper guilt for performing a sex act only for selfgratification, with no intention of creating children.
The Satanist fully realizes why religionists declare masturbation to be sinful. Like all other
natural acts people will do it, no matter how severely reprimanded. Causing guilt is an
important facet of their malicious scheme to obligate people to atone for "sins" by paying the
mortgages on temples of abstinence!
Even if a person is no longer struggling under the burden of religiously-induced guilt (or
thinks he isn't), modern man still feels shame if he yields to his masturbatory desires. A man
may feel robbed of his masculinity if he satisfies himself auto-erotically rather than engaging
in the competitive game of woman chasing. A woman may satisfy herself sexually but yearns
for the ego-gratification that comes from the sport of seduction. Neither the quasi Casanova
nor bogus vamp feels adequate when "reduced" to masturbation for sexual gratification; both
would prefer even an inadequate partner. Satanically speaking, though, it is far better to
engage in a perfect fantasy than to cooperate in an unrewarding experience with another
person. With masturbation, you are in complete control of the situation.
To illustrate the undebatable fact that masturbation is an entirely normal and healthy practice:
it is performed by all members of the animal kingdom. Human children will also follow their
instictive masturbatory desires, unless they have been scolded for it by their indignant parents,
who were undoubtably berated for it by their parents, and so on down the retrocedent line.
It is unfortunate, but true, that the sexual guilts of parents will immutably be passed on to their
children. In order to save our children from the ill-fated sexual destiny of our parents,
grandparents, and possibly ourselves, the perverted moral code of the past must be exposed
for what it is: a pragmatically organized set of rules which, if rigidly obeyed, would destroy
us! Unless we emancipate ourselves from the ridiculous sexual standards of our present
society, including the so-called sexual revolution, the neuroses caused by those stifling
regulations will persist. Adherence to the sensible and humanistic new morality of Satanism
can - and will - evolve society in which our children can grow up healthy and without the
devastating moral encumbrances of our existing sick society.
NOT ALL VAMPIRES
SUCK BLOOD!
SATANISM represents responsibility to the responsible, instead of concern for psychic
vampires.
Many people who walk the earth practice the fine art of making others feel responsible
and even indebted to them, without cause. Satanism observes these leeches in their true
light. Psychic vampires are individuals who drain others of their vital energy. This type
of person can be found in all avenues of society. They fill no useful purpose in our
lives, and are neither love objects nor true friends. Yet we feel responsible to the
psychic vampire without knowing why.
If you think you may be the victim of such a person, there are a few simple rules which will
help you form a decision. Is there a person you often call or visit, even though you really don't
want to, because you know you will feel guilty if you don't? Or, do you find yourself
constantly doing favors for one who doesn't come forward and ask, but hints? Often the
psychic vampire will use reverse psychology, saying: "Oh, I couldn't ask you to do that" - and
you, in turn, insist upon doing it. The psychic vampire never demands anything of you. That
would be far too presumptuous. They simply let their wishes be known in subtle ways which
will prevent them from being considered pests. They "wouldn't think of imposing" and are
always content and willingly accept their lot, without the slightest complaint - outwardly!
Their sins are not of commission, but of omission. It's what they don't say, not what they do
say, that makes you feel you must account to them. They are much too crafty to make overt
demands upon you, because they know you would resent it, and would have a tangible and
legitimate reason for denying them.
A large percentage of these people have special "attributes" which make their dependence
upon you more feasible and much more effective. Many psychic vampires are invalids (or
pretend to be) or are "mentally or emotionally disturbed." Others might feign ignorance or
incompetence so you will, out of pity - or more often, exasperation - do things for them.
The traditional way to banish a demon or elemental is to recognize it for what it is, and
exorcise it. Recognition of these modern-day demons and their methods is the only antidote
for their devastating hold over you.
Most people accept these passively vicious individuals at face value only because their
insidious maneuvers have never been pointed out to them. They merely accept these "poor
souls" as being less fortunate than themselves, and feel they must help them however they
can. It is this misdirected sense of responsibility (or unfounded sense of guilt) which
nourishes well the "altruisms" upon which these parasites feast!
The psychic vampire is allowed to exist because he cleverly chooses conscientious,
responsible people for his victims - people with great dedication to their "moral obligations."
In some cases we are vampirized by groups of people, as well as individuals. Every fund
raising organization, be it a charitable foundation, community council, religious or fraternal
association, etc., carefully selects a person who is adept at making others feel guilty for its 
chairman or coordinator. It is the job of this chairman to intimidate us into opening first our
hearts, and then our wallets, to the recipient of their "good will" - never mentioning that, in
many cases, their time is not unselfishly donated, but that they are drawing a fat salary for
their "noble deeds." They are masters at playing upon the sympathy and consideration of
responsible people. How often we see little children who have been sent forth by these selfrighteous Fagins to painlessly extract donations from the kindly. Who can resist the innocent
charm of a child?
There are, of course, people who are not happy unless they are giving, but many of us do not
fit into this category. Unfortunately, we are often put upon to do things we do not genuinely
feel should be required of us. A conscientious person finds it very difficult to decide between
voluntary and imposed charity. He wants to do what is right and just, and finds it perplexing
trying to decide exactly who he should help and what degree of aid should rightfully be
expected of him.
Each person must decide for himself what his obligations are to his respective friends, family,
and community. Before donating his time and money to those outside his immediate family
and close circle of friends, he must decide what he can afford, without depriving those closest
to him. When taking these things into consideration he must be certain to include himself
among those who mean most to him. He must carefully evaluate the validity of the request
and the personality or motives of the person asking it of him.
It is extremely difficult for a person to learn to say "no" when all his life he has said "yes."
But unless he wants to be constantly taken advantage of, he must learn to say "no" when
circumstances justify doing so. If you allow them, psychic vampires will gradually infiltrate
your everyday life until you have no privacy left - and your constant feeling of concern for
them will deplete you of all ambition.
A psychic vampire will always select a person who is relatively content and satisfied with his
life - a person who is happily married, pleased with his job, and generally well-adjusted to the
world around him - to feed upon. The very fact that the psychic vampire chooses to victimize
a happy person shows that he is lacking all the things his victim has; he will do everything he
can to stir up trouble and disharmony between his victim and those people he holds dear.
Therefore, be wary of anyone who seems to have no real friends and no appearant interest in
life (except you). He will usually tell you he is very selective in his choice of friends, or
doesn't make friends easily because of the high standards he sets for his companions. (To
acquire and keep friends, one must be willing to give of himself - something of which the
psychic vampire is incapable.) But he will hasten to add that you fulfill every requirement and
are truly an outstanding exception among men - you are one of the very few worthy of his
friendship.
Lest you confuse desperate love (which is a very selfish thing) with psychic vampirism, the
vast difference between the two must be clarified. The only way to determine if you are being
vampirized is to weigh what you give the person compared to what they give you in return.
You may, at times, become annoyed with the obligations put upon you by a loved one, a close
friend, or even an employer. But before you label them psychic vampires, you must ask
yourself, "What am I getting in return?" If your spouse or lover insists that you call them
frequently, but you also require them to account to you for their time spent away from you,
you must realize this is a give and take situation. Or, if a friend is in the habit of calling upon 
you for help at inopportune moments, but you similarly depend upon them to give your
immediate needs priority, you must regard it as a fair exchange. If your employer asks you to
do a little more than is normally expected of you in your particular position, but will overlook
occasional tardiness or will give you time off when you need it, you certainly have no cause
for complaint and need not feel he is taking advantage of you.
You are, however, being vampirized if you are incessantly called upon or expected to do
favors for someone who, when you need a favor, always happens to have other "pressing
obligations."
Many psychic vampires will give you material things for the express purpose of making you
feel you owe them something in return, thereby binding you to them. The difference between
your giving, and theirs, is that your return payment must come in a non-material form. They
want you to feel obligated to them, and would be very disappointed and even resentful if you
attempted to repay them with materal objects. In essence, you have "sold your soul" to them,
and they'll constantly remind you of your duty to them, by not reminding you.
Being purely Satanic, the only way to deal with a psychic vampire is to "play dumb" and act
as though they are genuinely altruistic and really expect nothing in return. Teach them a
lesson by graciously taking what they give you, thanking them loudly enough for all to hear,
and walking away! In this way you come out the victor. What can they say? And when you
are inevitably expected to repay their "generosity," (this is the hard part!) you say "NO" - but
again, graciously! When they feel you falling from their clutches two things will happen.
First, they will act "crushed," hoping your old feeling of duty and sympathy will return, and
when (and if) it doesn't, they will show their true colors and will become angry and
vindictive.
Once you have moved them to this point, YOU can play the role of the injured party. After all,
you've done nothing wrong - you just happened to have had "pressing obligations" when they
needed you, and since nothing was expected in return for their gifts, there should be no hard
feelings.
Generally, the psychic vampire will realize his methods have been discovered and will not
press the issue. He will not continue to waste his time with you, but will move on to his next
unsuspecting victim.
There are times, however, when the psychic vampire will not release his hold so easily, and
will do everything possible to torment you. They have plenty of time for this because, when
once rejected, they wil neglect all else (what little else they have, that is) to devote their every
waking moment to planning the revenge to which they feel they are entitled. For this reason, it
is best to avoid a relationship with this kind of person in the first place. Their "adulation" and
dependence upon you may, at first, be very flattering, and their material gifts very attractive,
but you will eventually find yourself paying for them many times over.
Don't waste your time with people who will ultimately destroy you, but concentrate instead on
those who will appreciate your responsibility to them, and, likewise, feel responsible to you.
And if you are a psychic vampire - take heed! Beware of the Satanist - he is ready and willing
to gleefully drive the proverbial stake through your heart!
INDULGENCE . . . NOT COMPULSION
THE HIGHEST PLATEAU OF HUMAN DEVELOPMENT
IS THE AWARENESS OF THE FLESH!
SATANISM encourages its followers to indulge in their natural desires. Only by doing so
can you be a completely satisfied person with no frustrations which can be harmful to
yourself and others around you. Therefore, the most simplified description of the
Satanic belief is:
INDULGENCE INSTEAD OF ABSTINENCE
People often mistake compulsion for indulgence, but there is a world of difference
between the two. A compulsion is never created by indulging, but by not being able to
indulge. By making something taboo, it only serves to intensify the desire. Everyone likes to
do the things they have been told not to. "Forbidden fruits are sweetest."
Webster's Encyclopedic Dictionary defines indulgence thusly: "To give oneself up to; not to
restrain or oppose; to give free course to; to gratify by compliance; to yeild to." The
dictionary definition of compulsion is: "The act of compelling or driving by a force, physical
or moral; constraint of the will; (compulsory, obligatory)." In other words, indulgence implies
choice, whereas compulsion indicates the lack of choice.
When a person has no proper release for his desires they rapidly build up and become
compulsions. If everyone had a particular time and place for the purpose of periodically
indulging in their personal desires, without fear of embarrassment or reproach, they would be
sufficiently released to lead unfrustrated lives in the everyday world. They would be free to
plunge headlong into whatever undertaking they might choose instead of going about their
duties half-heartedly, their creative urges frustrated by denying their natural desires. This
would apply in the majority of cases, but there will always be those who work better under
pressure.
Generally, those who need to endure a certain amount of hardship to produce to their full
capabilities are in basically artistic vocations. (More will be said later about fulfillment
through self-denial.) This does not mean to imply that all artists fit into this category. On the
contrary, many artists are unable to produce unless their basic animal needs have been
satisfied.
For the most part, it is not the artist or individualist, but the average middle-class working
man or woman who is lacking the proper release for their desires. It is ironic that the
responsible, respectable person - the one who pays society's bills - should be the one given the
least in return. It is he who must be ever conscious of his "moral obligations", and who is
condemned for normally indulging in his natural desires.
The Satanic religion considers this a gross injustice. He who upholds his responsibilities
should be most entitled to the pleasures of his choice, without censure from the society he
serves.
Finally a religion (Satanism) has been formed which commends and rewards those who
support the society in which they live, instead of denouncing them for their human needs.
From every set of principles (be it religious, political, or philosophical), some good can be
extracted. Amidst the madness of the Hitlerian concept, one point stands out as a shining
example of this - "strength through joy!". Hitler was no fool when he offered the German
people happiness, on a personal level, to insure their loyalty to him, and peak efficiency from
them.
It has been clearly established that the majority of all illnesses are of a psychosomatic nature,
and that psychosomatic illnesses are a direct result of frustration. It has been said that "the
good die young". The good, by Christian standards, do die young. It is the frustration of our
natural instincts which leads to the deterioration of our minds and bodies.
It has become very fashionable to concentrate on the betterment of the mind and spirit, and to
consider giving pleasure to one's body (the very shell without which the mind and spirit could
not exist) to be coarse, crude, unrefined. AS OF LATE, MOST PEOPLE WHO DEEM THEMSELVES EMANCIPATED
HAVE LEFT NORMALCY ONLY TO "TRANSCEND" INTO IDIOCY! By way of bending their behinds around to
meet their navels, subsisting on wild and exotic diets like brown rice and tea, they feel they
will arive at a great state of spiritual development.
"Hogwash!" says the Satanist. He would rather eat a good hearty meal, exercise his
imagination, and transcend by means of physical and emotional fulfillment. It seems, to the
Satanist, that after being harnessed with unreasonable religious demands for so many
centuries, one would welcome the chance to be human for once!
If anyone thinks that by denying his natural desires he can avoid mediocrity, he should
examine the Eastern mystical beliefs which have been in great intellectual favor in recent
years. Christianity is "old-hat", so those who wish to escape its fetters have turned to so-called
enlightened religions, such as Buddhism. Although Christianity is certainly deserving of the
criticism it has received, perhaps it has been taking more than its share of the blame. The
followers of the mystical beliefs are every bit as guilty of the little humanisms as the
"misguided" Christians. Both religions are based on trite philosophies, but the mystical
religionists profess to be enlightened and emancipated from the guilt-ridden dogma which is
typified by Christianity. However, the Eastern mystic is even more preoccupied than the
Christian with avoiding animalistic actions that remind him he is not a "saint", but merely a
man - only another form of animal, sometimes better, more often worse, than those who walk
on all fours; and who, becuase of his "divine spiritual and intellectual development", has
become the most vicious animal of all!
The Satanist asks, "What is wrong with being human, and having human limitations as well as
assets?" By denying his desires the mystic has come no closer to overcoming compulsion than
his kindred soul, the Christian. The Eastern mystical beliefs have taught people to
contemplate their navels, stand on their heads, stare at blank walls, avoid the use of labels in
life, and discipline themselves against any desire for materialistic pleasure. Nevertheless, I am
sure you have seen just as many so-called desciplined yogis with the inablility to control a
smoking habit as anyone else; or just as many supposedly emancipated Buddhists become just
as excited as a "less aware" person when they are confronted with a member of the opposite -
or in some cases, the same - sex. Yet when asked to explain the reason for their hypocrisy,
these people retreat into the ambiguousness which characterizes their faith - no one can pin
them down if there are no straight answers that can be given!
The simple fact of the matter is that the very thing which has led this type of person to a faith
which preaches abstinence, is indulgence. Their compulsive masochism is the reason for 
choosing a religion which not only advocates self-denial, but praises them for it; and gives
them a sacrosanct avenue of expression for their masochistic needs. The more abuse they can
stand, the holier they become.
Masochism, to most people, represents a rejection of indulgence. Satanism points out many
meanings behind the meanings, and considers masochism to be an indulgence if any attempt
to sway or change the person from his masochistic traits is met with resentment and/or failure.
The Satanist does not condemn these people for giving vent to their masochistic desires, but
he does feel the utmost contempt towards those who cannot be honest enough (at least with
themselves) to face and accept their masochism as a natural part of their personality make-up.
Having to use religion as an excuse for their masochism is bad enough, but these people
actually have the effrontery to feel superior to those who are not bound-up in self-deceitful
expression of their fetishes! These people would be the first to condemn a man who found his
weekly release with a person who would beat him soundly, thereby releasing himself from the
very thing which could, if unreleased, make him - as they are - a compulsive church-goer or
religious fanatic. By finding adequate release for his masochistic desires, he no longer needs
to debase and deny himself in his every waking moment, as do these compulsive masochists.
Satanists are encouraged to indulge in the seven deadly sins, as they need hurt no one; they
were only invented by the Christian Church to insure guilt on the part of its followers. The
Christian Church knows that it is impossible for anyone to avoid committing these sins, as
they are all things which we, being human, most naturally do. After inevitably committing
these sins financial offerings to the church in order to "pay off" God are employed as a sop to
the parishioner's conscience!
Satan has never needed a book of rules, because vital natural forces have kept man "sinful"
and intent on preserving himself and his feelings. Nevertheless, demoralizing attempts have
been made on his body and being for his "soul's" sake, which only illustrate how
misconceived and misused the labels of "indulgence" versus "compulsion" have become.
Sexual activity certainly is condoned and encouraged by Satanism, but obviously the fact that
it is the only religion which honestly takes this stand, is the reason it has been traditionally
given so much literary space.
Naturally, if most people belong to the religions which repress them sexually, anything
written on this provocative subject is going to make for titillating reading.
If all attempts to sell something (be it a product or an idea) have failed - sex will always sell
it. The reason for this is that even though people now consciously accept sex as a normal and
necessary function, their subconscious is still bound by the taboo which religion has placed
upon it. So, again, what is denied is more intensely desired. It is this bugaboo regarding sex
which causes the literature devoted to the Satanic views on the subject to overshadow all else
written about Satanism.
The true Satanist is not mastered by sex any more than he is mastered by any of his other
desires. As with all other pleasurable things, the Satanist is master of, rather than mastered by
sex. He is not the perverted fiend who is just waiting for the opportunity to deflower every
young virgin, nor is he the skulking degenerate who furtively hangs around in the "dirty"
bookstores, slavering over the "nasty" pictures. If pornography fills his needs for the moment,
he unashamedly buys some "choice items" and guiltlessly peruses them at his leisure.
"We have to accept the fact that man has become disgruntled at being constantly repressed,
but we must do everything we can to at least temper the sinful desires of man, lest they run
rampant in this new age," say the religionists of the right-hand path to the questioning
Satanist. "Why continue to think of these desires as shameful and something to be repressed,
if you now admit they are natural?" returns the Satanist. Could it be that the white-light
religionists are a bit "sour-grapes" about the fact that they didn't think of a religion, before the
Satanists, which would be enjoyable to follow; and if the truth were known, would they too
not like to have a bit more pleasure out of life, but for fear of losing face, cannot admit it?
Could it also be that they are afraid people will, after hearing about Satanism, tell themselves
"This is for me - why should I continue with a religion which condemns me for everything I
do, even though there is nothing actually wrong with it?" The Satanist thinks this is more than
likely true.
There is certainly much evidence that past religions are, every day, lifting more and more of
their ridiculous restrictions. Even so, when an entire religion is based on abstinence instead of
indulgence (as it should be) there is little left when it has been revised to meet the current
needs of man. So, why waste time "buying oats for a dead horse"?
The watchword of Satanism is INDULGENCE instead of "abstinence" . . . BUT - it is not
“compulsion“.
ON THE CHOICE
OF
A HUMAN SACRIFICE
THE supposed purpose in performing the ritual of sacrifice is to throw the energy
provided by the blood of the freshly slaughtered victim into the atmosphere of the
magical working, thereby intensifying the magician's chances of success.
The "white" magician assumes that since blood represents the life force, there is no
better way to appease the gods or demons than to present them with suitable quantities
of it. Combine this rationale with the fact that a dying creature is expending an
overabundance of adrenal and other biochemical energies, and you have what appears
to be an unbeatable combination.
The "white" magician, wary of the consequences involved in the killing of a human being,
naturally utilizes birds, or other "lower" creatures in his ceremonies. It seems these
sanctimonious wretches feel no guilt in the taking of a non-human life, as opposed to a
human's.
The fact of the matter is that if the "magician" is worthy of his name, he will be uninhibited
enough to release the necessary force from his own body, instead of from an unwilling and
undeserving victim!
Contrary to all established magical theory, the release of this force is NOT effected in the actual
spilling of blood, but in the death throes of the living creature! This discharge of bioelectrical
energy is the very same phenominon which occurs during any profound heightening of the
emotions, such as: sexual orgasm, blind anger, mortal terror, consuming grief, etc. Of these
emotions, the easiest entered into of one's own violation are sexual orgasm and anger, with
grief running a close third. Remembering that the two most readily available of these three
(sexual orgasm and anger) have been burned into man's unconscios as "sinful" by religionists,
it is small wonder they are shunned by the "white" magician, who plods along carrying the
greatest of all millstones of guilt!
The inhibitive and asinine absurdity in the need to kill an innocent living creature at the highpoint of a ritual, as practiced by erstwhile "wizards", is obviously their "lesser of the evils"
when a discharge of energy is called for. These poor conscience-stricken fools, who have
been calling themselves witches and warlocks, would sooner chop the head off a goat or
chicken in an attempt to harness its death agony, than have the "blasphemous" bravery to
masturbate in full view of the Jehovah whom they claim to deny! The only way these mystical
cowards can ritualistically release themselves is through the agony of another's death (actually
their own, by proxy) rather than the indulgent force which produces life! The treaders of the
path of white light are truly the cold and the dead! No wonder these tittering pustules of
"mystical wisdom" must stand within protective circles to bind the "evil" forces in order to
keep themselves "safe" from attack - ONE GOOD ORGASM WOULD PROBABLY KILL THEM!
The use of a human sacrifice in a Satanic ritual does not imply that the sacrifice is slaughtered
"to appease the gods". Symbolically, the victim is destroyed through the working of a hex or
curse, which in turn leads to the physical, mental or emotional destruction of the "sacrifice" in
ways and means not attributable to the magician.
The only time a Satanist would perform a human sacrifice would be if it were to serve a twofold purpose; that being to release the magician's wrath in the throwing of a curse, and more
important, to dispose of a totally obnoxious and deserving individual.
Under NO circumstances would a Satanist sacrifice any animal or baby! For centuries,
propagandists of the right-hand path have been prattling over the supposed sacrifices of small
children and voluptuous maidens at the hands of diabolists. It would be thought that anyone
reading or hearing of these heinous accounts would immediately question their authenticity,
taking into consideration the biased sources of the stories. On the contrary, as with all "holy"
lies which are accepted without reservation, this assumed modus operandi of the Satanists
persists to this day!
There are sound and logical reasons why the Satanists could not perform such sacrifices. Man,
the animal, is the godhead to the Satanist. The purest form of carnal existence reposes in the
bodies of animals and human children who have not grown old enough to deny themselves
their natural desires. They can perceive things that the average adult human can never hope to.
Therefore, the Satanist holds these beings in a sacred regard, knowing he can learn much from
these natural magicians of the world.
The Satanist is aware of the universal custom of the treader of the path of Agarthi; the killing
of the god. Inasmuch as gods are always created in man's own image - and the average man
hates what he sees in himself - the inevitable must occur: the sacrifice of the god who
represents himself. The Satanist does not hate himself, nor the gods he might choose, and has
no desire to destroy himself or anything for which he stands! It is for this reason he could
never willfully harm an animal or child.
The question arises, "Who, then, would be considered a fit and proper human sacrifice, and
how is one qualified to pass judgment on such a person?" The answer is brutally simple.
Anyone who has unjustly wronged you - one who has "gone out of his way" to hurt you - to
deliberately cause trouble and hardship for you or those dear to you. In short, a person asking
to be cursed by their very actions.
When a person, by his reprehensible behavior, practically cries out to be destroyed, it is truly
your moral obligation to indulge them their wish. The person who takes every opportunity to
"pick on" others is often mistakenly called "sadistic". In reality, this person is a misdirected
masochist who is working towards his own destruction. The reason a person viciously strikes
out against you is because they are afraid of you or what you represent, or are resentful of
your happiness. They are weak, insecure, and on extremely shaky ground when you throw
your curse, and they make ideal human sacrifices.
It is sometimes easy to overlook the actual wrongdoing of the victim of your curse, when one
considers how "unhappy" a person he really is. It is not so easy, though, to retrace the
damaging footsteps of your antagonist and make right those practical situations he or she has
made wrong.
The "ideal sacrifice" may be emotionally insecure, but nonetheless can, in the machinations of
his insecurity, cause severe damage to your tranquility or sound reputation. "Mental illness",
"nervous breakdown", "maladjustment", "anxiety neuroses", "broken homes", "sibling
rivalry", etc., etc., ad infinitum have too long been convenient excuses for vicious and
irresponsible actions. Anyone who says "we must try to understand" those who make life
miserable for those undeserving of misery is aiding and abetting a social cancer! The 
apologists for these rabid humans deserve any clobberings they get at the hands of their
charges!
Mad dogs are destroyed, and they need help far more than the human who conveniently made
froths at the mouth when irrational behavior is in order! It is easy to say, "So what! - these
people are insecure, so they can't hurt me." But the fact remains - given the opportunity they
would destroy you!
Therefore, you have every right to (symbolically) destroy them, and if your curse provokes
their actual annihilation, rejoice that you have been instrumental in ridding the world of a
pest! If your success or happiness disturbs a person - you owe him nothing! He is made to be
trampled under foot! IF PEOPLE HAD TO TAKE THE CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR OWN ACTIONS, THEY WOULD THINK
TWICE!
LIFE AFTER DEATH
THROUGH FULFILLMENT
OF THE EGO
MAN is aware that he will die, someday. Other animals, when nearing death, know
they are about to die; but it is not until death is certain that the animal senses his
coming departure from this world. And even then he does not know exactly what is
entailed in dying. It is often pointed out that animals accept death gracefully, without
fear or resistance. This is a beautiful concept, but one that only holds true in cases
where death for the animal is unavoidable.
When an animal is sick or injured he will fight for his life with every ounce of strength
he has left. It is this unshakable will to live that, if man were not so "highly evolved", would
also give him the fighting spirit he needs to stay alive.
It is a well known fact that many people die simply because they give up and just don't care
anymore. This is understandable if the person is very ill, with no apparent chance for
recovery. But this often is not the case. Man has become lazy. He has learned to take the easy
way out. Even suicide has become less repugnant to many people than any number of other
sins. Religion is totally to blame for this.
Death, in most religions, is touted as a great spiritual awakening - one which is prepared for
throughout life. This concept is very appealing to one who has not had a satisfactory life; but
to those who have experienced all the joys life has to offer, there is a great dread attached to
dying. This is as it should be. It is this lust for life which will allow the vital person to live on
after the inevitable death of his fleshly shell.
History shows that men who have given their own lives in pursuit of an ideal have been
deified for their martyrdom. Religionists and political leaders have been very crafty in laying
their plans. By holding the martyr up as a shining example to his fellow men, they eliminate
the common sense reaction that willful self-destruction goes against all animal logic. To the
Satanist, martyrdom and non-personalized heroism is to be associated not with integrity, but
with stupidity. This, of course, does not apply to the situations which involve the safety of a
loved one. But to give one's own life for something as impersonal as a political or religious
issue is the ultimate in masochism.
Life is the one great indulgence; death the one great abstinence. To a person who is satisfied
with his earthly existence, life is like a party; and no one likes to leave a good party. By the
same token, if a person is enjoying himself here on earth he will not so readily give up this
life for the promise of an afterlife about which he knows nothing.
The Eastern mystical beliefs teach humans to discipline themselves against any conscious will
for success so they might dessolve themselves into "Universal Cosmic Awareness" - anything
to avoid good healthy self-satisfaction or honest pride in earthly accomplishments!
It is interesting to note that the areas in which this type of belief flourishes are those where
material gains are not easily obtainable. For this reason the predominant religious belief must
be one which commends its followers for their rejection of material things and their avoidance
of the use of labels which attaches a certain amount of importance to material gains. In this 
way the people can be pacified into accepting their lot, no matter how small it may be.
Satanism uses many labels. If it were not for names, very few of us would understand
anything in life, much less attach any significance to it; - and significance compels
recognition, which is something everyone wants, especially the Eastern mystic who tries to
prove to everyone he can meditate longer or stand more deprivation and pain than the next
fellow.
The Eastern philosophies preach the dissolution of man's ego before he can produce sins. It is
unfathomable to the Satanist to conceive of an ego which would willfully choose denial of
itself.
In countries where this is used as a sop for the willingly impoverished, it is understandable
that a philosophy which teaches the denial of the ego would serve a useful purpose - at least
for those in power, to whom it would be detrimental if their people were discontented. But for
anyone who has every opportunity for material gain, to choose this form of religious thought
seems foolish, indeed!
The Eastern mystic believes strongly in reincarnation. To a person who has virtually nothing
in this life, the possibility that he may have been a king in a past life or may be one in the next
life is very attractive, and does much to appease his need for self-respect. If there is nothing in
which they can take pride in this life, they can console themselves by thinking, "there are
always future lives." It never occurs to the believer in reincarnation that if his father,
grandfather, and great-grandfather, etc. had developed "good karmas", by their adherence to
the same beliefs and ethics as his present ones - then why is he now living in privation, rather
than like a maharajah?
Belief in reincarnation provides a beautiful fantasy world in which a person can find the
proper avenue of ego-expression, but at the same time claim to have dissolved his ego. This is
emphasized by the roles people choose for themselves in their past or future lives.
Believers in reincarnation do not always choose an honorable character. If the person is of a
highly respectable and conservative nature, he will often choose a colorful rogue or gangster,
thereby fulfilling his alter-ego. Or, a woman who has much social status may pick a harlot or
famous courtesan for the characterization of herself in a past life.
If people were able to divorce themselves from the stigma attached to personal egofulfillment, they would not need to play self-deceitful games such as belief in reincarnation as
a means of satisfying their natural need for ego-fulfillment.
The Satanist believes in complete gratification of his ego. Satanism, in fact, is the only
religion which advocates the intensification or encouragement of the ego. Only if a person's
own ego is sufficiently fulfilled, can he afford to be kind and complimentary to others,
without robbing himself of his self-respect. We generally think of a braggart as a person with
a large ego; in reality, his bragging results from a need to satisfy his impoverished ego.
Religionists have kept their followers in line by suppressing their egos. By making their
followers feel inferior, the awesomeness of their god is insured. Satanism encourages its
members to develop a good strong ego because it gives them the self-respect necessary for a
vital existence in this life.
If a person has been vital throughout his life and has fought to the end for his earthly
existence, it is this ego which will refuse to die, even after the expiration of the flesh which
housed it. Young children are to be admired for their driving enthusiasm for life. This is
exemplified by the small child who refuses to go to bed when there is something exciting
going on, and when once put to bed, will sneak down the stairs to peek through the curtain
and watch. It is this child-like vitality that will allow the Satanist to peek through the curtain
of darkness and death and remain earthbound.
Self-sacrifice is not encouraged by the Satanic religion. Therefore, unless death comes as an
indulgence because of extreme circumstances which make the termination of life a welcome
relief from the unendurable earthyl existence, suicide is frowned upon by the Satanic religion.
Religious martyrs have taken their own lives, not because life was intolerable for them, but to
use their supreme sacrifice as a tool to further the religious belief. We must assume, then, that
suicide, if done for the sake of the church, is condoned and even encouraged - even though
their scriptures label it a sin - because religious martyrs of the past have always been deified.
It is rather curious that the only time suicide is considered sinful by other religions is when it
comes as an indulgence.
RELIGIOUS HOLIDAYS
THE highest of all holidays in the Satanic religion is the date of one's own birth. This
is in direct contradiction to the holy of holy days of other religions, which deify a
particular god who has been created in an anthropomorphic form of their own image,
thereby showing that the ego is not really buried.
The Satanist feels: "Why not really be honest and if you are going to create a god in
your image, why not create that god as yourself." Every man is a god if he chooses to
recognize himself as one. So, the Satanist celebrates his own birthday as the most
important holiday of the year. After all, aren't you happier about the fact that you were born
than you are about the birth of someone you have never even met? Or for that matter, aside
from religious holidays, why pay higher tribute to the birthday of a president or to a date in
history than we do to the day we were brought into this greatest of all worlds?
Despite the fact that some of us may not have been wanted, or at least were not particularly
planned, we're glad, even if no one else is, that we're here! You should give yourself a pat on
the back, buy yourself whatever you want, treat yourself like the king (or god) that you are,
and generally celebrate your birthday with as much pomp and ceremony as possible.
After one's own birthday, the two major Satanic holidays are Walpurgisnacht and Halloween
(or All Hallows' Eve).
St. Walpurgis - or Walpurga, or Walburga, depending upon the time and area in which one is
referring to her - was born in Sussex about the end of the Seventh or the beginning of the
Eighth Century, and was educated at Winburn, Dorset, where after taking the veil, she
remained for twenty-five years. She then, at the instance of her uncle, St. Boniface, and her
brother, St. Wilibald, set out along with some other nuns to found religious houses in
Germany. Her first settlement was at Bischofsheim in the diocese of Mainz, and two years
later (754 A.D.) she became abbess of the Benedictine nunnery at Heidenheim, within her
brother Wilibald's diocese of Eichstadt in Bavaria, where another brother, Winebald, had at
the same time also been made head of a monastery. On the death of Winebald in 760 she
succeeded him in his charge, retaining the superintendence of both houses until her death on
February 25, 779. Her relics were translated to Eichstadt, where she was laid in a hollow rock,
from which exuded a kind of bituminous oil, afterwards known as Walpurgis oil, regarded as
having miraculous efficacy against disease. The cave became a place of pilgrimage, and a
great church was built over the spot. She is commemorated at various times, but principally
on May 1st, her day taking the place of an earlier Pagan festival. Amazingly enough, all of
this rigmarole was found necessary simply to condone the continuance of the most important
Pagan festival of the year - the grand climax of the spring equinox!
The Eve of May has been memorialized as the night that all of the demons, specters, afreets,
and banshees would come forth and hold their wild revels, symbolizing the fruition of the
spring equinox.
Halloween - All Hallows' Eve, or All Saints' Day - falls on October 31st or November 1st.
Originally, All Hallows' Eve was one of the great fire festivals of Britain at the time of the
Druids. In Scotland it was associated with the time when the spirits of the dead, the demons,
witches, and sorcerers were unusually active and propitious. Paradoxically, All Hallows' Eve 
was also the night when young people performed magical rituals to determine their future
marriage partners. The youth of the villages carried on with much merry-making and sensual
revelry, but the older people took great care to safeguard their homes from the evil spirits,
witches, and demons who had exceptional power that night.
The solstices and equinoxes are also celebrated as holidays, as they herald the first day of the
seasons. The difference between a solstice and an equinox is a semantic one defining the
relationship between the sun, moon, and the fixed stars. The solstice applies to summer and
winter; the equinox refers to autumn and spring. The summer solstice is in June, and the
winter solstice is in December. The autumn equinox is in September, and the spring equinox
is in March. Both the equinoxes and the solstices vary a day or two from year to year,
depending on the lunar cycle at the time, but usually fall on the 21st or 22nd of the month.
Five to six weeks after these days the legendary Satanic revels are celebrated.
THE BLACK MASS
NO other single device has been associated with Satanism as much as the black mass.
To say that the most blasphemous of all religious ceremonies is nothing more than a
literary invention is certainly a statement which needs qualifying - but nothing could
be truer.
The popular concept of the black mass is thus: a defrocked priest stands before an altar
consisting of a nude woman, her legs spread-eagled and vagina thrust open, each of her
outstretched fists grasping a black candle made from the fat of unbaptized babies, and
a chalice containing the urine of a prostitute (or blood) reposing on her belly. An inverted
cross hangs above the altar, and triangular hosts of ergot-laden bread or black-stained turnip
are methodically blessed as the priest dutifully slips them in and out of the altar-lady's labia.
Then, we are told, an invocation to Satan and various demons is followed by an array of
prayers and psalms chanted backwards or interspersed with obscenities . . . all performed
within the confines of a "protective" pentagram drawn on the floow. If the Devil appears he is
invariably in the form of a rather eager man wearing the head of a black goat upon his
shoulders. Then follows a potpouri of flagellation, prayer-book burning, cunnilingus, fellatio,
and general hindquarters kissing - all done to a background of ribald recitations from the Holy
Bible, and audible expectorations on the cross! If a baby can be slaughtered during the ritual,
so much the better; for as everyone knows, this is the favorite sport of the Satanist!
If this sounds repugnant, then the success of the reports of the black mass, in keeping the
devout in church, is easy to understand. No "decent" person could fail to side with the
inquisitors when told of these blasphemies. The propagandists of the church did their job well,
informing the public at one time or another of the heresies and heinous acts of the Pagans,
Cathars, Bogomils, Templars and others who, because of their dualistic philosophies and
sometimes Satanic logic, had to be eradicated.
The stories of unbaptized babies being stolen by Satanists for use in the mass were not only
effective propoganda measures, but also provided a constant source of revenue for the
Church, in the form of baptism fees. No Christian mother would, upon hearing of these
diabolical kidnappings, refrain from getting her child properly baptized, post haste.
Another facet of man's nature was apparent in the fact that the writer or artist with lewd
thoughts could exercise his most obscene predilections in the portrayal of the activities of
heretics. The censor who views all pornography so that he will know what to warn others of is
the modern equivalent of the medieval chronicler of the obscene deeds of the Satanists (and,
of course, their modern journalistic counterparts). It is believed that the most complete library
of pornography in the world is owned by the Vatican!
The kissing of the Devil's behind during the traditional black mass is easily recognized as the
forerunner of the modern term used to describe one who will, through appealing to another's
ego, gain materially from him. As all Satanic ceremonies were performed toward very real or
material goals, the oscularum infame (or kiss of shame) was considered a symbolic requisite
towards earthly, rather than spiritual, success.
The usual assumption is that the Satanic ceremony or service is always called a black mass. A
black mass is not the magical ceremony practiced by Satanists. The Satanist would only 
employ the use of a black mass as a form of psychodrama. Furthermore, a black mass does
not necessarily imply that the performers of such are Satanists. A black mass is essentially a
parody of the religious service of the Roman Catholic Church, but can be loosely applied to a
satire on any religious ceremony.
To the Satanist, the black mass, in its blaspheming of orthodox rites, is nothing more than a
redundancy. The services of all established religions are actually parodies of old rituals
performed by the worshippers of the earth and the flesh. In attempts to de-sexualize and dehumanize the Pagan beliefs, later men of spiritual faith whitewashed the honest meanings
behind the rituals into the bland euphemisms now considered to be the "true mass". Even if
the Satanist were to spend each night performing a black mass, he would no more be
performing a travesty than the devout churchgoer who unwittingly attends his own "black
mass" - his spoof on the honest and emotionally-sound rites of Pagan antiquity.
Any ceremony considered a black mass must effectively shock and outrage, as this seems to
be the measure of its success. In the Middle Ages, blaspheming the holy church was shocking.
Now, however, the Church does not present the awesome image it did during the inquisition.
The traditional black mass is no longer the outrageous spectacle to the dilettante or renegade
priest that it once was. If the Satanist wishes to create a ritual to blaspheme an accepted
institution, for the purpose of psychodrama, he is careful to choose one that is not in vogue to
parody. Thus, he is truly stepping on a sacred cow.
A black mass, today, would consist of the blaspheming of such "sacred" topics as Eastern
mysticism, psychiatry, the psychedelic movement, ultra-liberalism, etc. Patriotism would be
championed, drugs and their gurus would be defiled, acultural militants would be deified, and
the decadence of ecclesiastical theologies might even be given a Satanic boost.
The Satanic magus has always been the catalyst for the dichotomy necessary in molding
popular beliefs, and in this case a ceremony in the nature of a black mass may serve a farreaching magical purpose.
In the year 1666, some rather interesting events occurred in France. With the death of
François Mansart, the architect of the trapezoid, whose geometrics were to become the
prototype of the haunted house, the Palace of Versailles was being constructed, in accordance
with his plans. The last of the glamorous priestesses of Satan, Jeanne-Marie Bouvier
(Madame Guyon) was to be overshadowed by a shrewd opportunist and callous businesswoman named Catharine Deshayes, otherwise known as LaVoisin. Here was an erstwhile
beautician who, while dabbling in abortions and purveying the most efficient poisons to ladies
desirous of eliminating unwanted husbands or lovers, found in the lurid accounts of the
"messes noir" a proverbial brainstorm.
It is safe to say that 1666 was the year of the first "commercial" black mass! In the region
south of St. Denis, which is now called LaGarenne, a great walled house was purchased by
LaVoisin and fitted with dispensaries, cells, laboratories, and . . . a chapel. Soon it became de
rigueur for royalty and lesser dillettantes to attend and participate in the very type of service
mentioned earlier in this chapter. The organized fraud perpetrated in these ceremonies has
become indelibly marked in history as the "true black mass".
When LaVoisin was arrested on March 13, 1679 (in the Church of Our Blessed Lady of Good
Tidings, incidentally), the die had already been cast. The degraded activities of LaVoisin had
stifled the majesty of Satanism for many years to come.
The Satanism-for-fun-and-games fad next appeared in England in the middle 18th Century in
the form of Sir Francis Dashwood's Order of the Medmanham Fanciscans, popularly called
The Hell-Fire Club. While eliminating the blood, gore, and baby-fat candles of the previous
century's masses, Sir Francis managed to conduct rituals replete with good dirty fun, and
certainly provided a colorful and harmless form of psychodrama for many of the leading
lights of the period. An interesting sideline of Sir Francis, which lends a clue to the climate of
the Hell-Fire Club, was a group called the Dilettanti Club, of which he was the founder.
It was the 19th Century that brought a whitewashing to Satanism, in the feeble attempts of
"white" magicians trying to perform "black" magic. This was a very paradoxical period for
Satanism, with writers such as Baudelaire and Huysmans who, despite their apparent
obsession with evil, seemed nice enough fellows. The Devil developed his Luciferian
personality for the public to see, and gradually evolved into a sort of drawing-room
gentleman. This was the era of "experts" on the black arts, such as Eliphas Levi and countless
trance-mediums who, with their carefully bound spirits and demons, have also succeeded in
binding the minds of many who call themselves parapsychologists to this day!
As far as Satanism is concerned, the closest outward signs of this were the neo-Pagan rites
conducted by MacGregor Mathers' Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, and Aleister
Crowley's later Order of the Silver Star (A..
. A..
. - Argentinum Astrum) and Order of Oriental
Templars (O.T.O.)*, which paranoiacally denied any association with Satanism, despite
Crowley's self-imposed image of the beast of revelation. Aside from some rather charming
poetry and a smattering of magical bric-a-brac, when not climbing mountains Crowley spent
most of his time as a poseur par excellence and worked overtime to be wicked. Like his
contemporary, Rev.(?) Mantague Summers, Crowley obviously spent a large part of his life
with his tongue jammed firmly into his cheek, but his followers, today, are somehow able to
read esoteric meaning into his every word.
Perennially concurrent with these societies were the sex clubs using Satanism as a rationale -
that persists today, for which tabloid newspaper writers may give thanks.
If it appears that the black mass developed from a literary invention of the church, to a
depraved commercial actuality, to a psychodrama for dilettantes and iconoclasts, to an ace in
the hole for popular media . . . then where does it fit into the true nature of Satanism - and
who was practicing Satanic magic in those years beyond 1666?
The answer to this riddle lies in another. Is the person generally considered to be a Satanist
really practicing Satanism in its true sense, or rather from the point of view taken by the
opinion makers of heavenly persuasion? It has often been said, and rightly so, that all of the
books about the Devil have been written by the agents of God. It is, therefore, quite easy to
understand how a certain breed of devil worshippers was created through the inventions of
theologians. This erstwhile "evil" character is not necessarily practicing true Satanism. Nor is
he a living embodiment of the element of untrammeled pride or majesty of self which gave
the post-Pagan world the churchman's definition of evil. He is instead the by-product of later
and more elaborate propaganda.
The pseudo-Satanist has always managed to appear throughout modern history, with his black
masses of varying degrees of blasphemy; but the real Satanist is not quite so easily recognized
as such.
It would be an over-simplification to say that every successful man and woman on earth is, 
without knowing it, a practicing Satanist; but the thirst for earthly success and its ensuing
realization are certainly grounds for Saint Peter turning thumbs down. If the rich man's entry
into heaven seems as difficult as the camel's attempt to go through the eye of a needle; if the
love of money is the root of all evil; then we must at least assume the post powerful men on
earth to be the most Satanic. This applies to financiers, industrialists, popes, poets, dictators,
and all assorted opinion-makers and field marshals of the world's activities.
Occasionally, through "leakages", one of the enigmatic men or women of earth will be found
to have "dabbled" in the black arts. These, of course, are brought to light as in the "mystery
men" of history. Names like Rasputin, Zaharoff, Cagliostro, Rosenberg and their ilk are links
- clues, so to speak, of the true legacy of Satan . . . a legacy which transcends ethnic, racial,
and econimic differences and temporal ideologies, as well. The Satanist has always ruled the
earth . . . and always will, by whatever name he is called.
One thing stands sure: the standards, philosophy and practices set forth on these pages are
those employed by the most self-realized and powerful humans on earth. In the secret
thoughts of each man and woman, still motivated byt sound and unclouded minds, resides the
potential of the Satanist, as always has been. The sign of the horns shall appear to many, now,
rather than the few; and the magician will stand forth that he may be recognized.
(EARTH)
THE BOOK OF BELIAL
THE MASTERY OF THE EARTH
The greatest appeal of magic is not in its application, but in its esoteric meanderings. The
element of mystery which so heavily enshrouds the practice of the black arts has been
fostered, deliberately or out of ignorance, by those who often claim the highest expertise in
such matters. If the shortest distance between two points is a straight line, then established
occultists would do well as maze-makers. The basic principles of ceremonial magic have been
relegated for so long to infinitely classified bits of scholastic mysticism, that the would-be
wizard becomes the victim of the very art of misdirection which he, himself, should be
employing! An analogy may be drawn of the student of applied psychology who, though
knowing all of the answers, cannot make friends.
What good is a study of falsehoods, unless everyone believes in falsehoods? Many, of course,
DO believe in falsehoods, but still ACT according to natural law. It is upon this premise that
Satanic magic is based. This is a primer - a basic text on materialistic magic. It is a Satanic
McGuffrey's Reader.
Belial means "without a master", and symbolizes true independence, self-sufficiency, and
personal accomplishment. Belial represents the earth element, and herein will be found magic
with both feet on the ground - real, hard-core, magical procedure - not mystical platitudes
devoid of objective reason. Probe no longer. Here is bedrock!
THE THEORY AND PRACTICE
OF
SATANIC MAGIC
(Definition and Purpose)
THE definition of magic, as used in this book, is: "The change in situations or events
in accordance with one's will, which would, using normally accepted methods, be
unchangable." This admittedly leaves a large area for personal interpretation. It will be
said, by some, that these instructions and procedures are nothing more than applied
psychology, or scientific fact, called by "magical" terminology - until they arrive at a
passage in the text that is "based on no known scientific finding". It is for this reason
that no attempt has been made to limit the explanations set forth to a set nomenclature.
Magic is never totally scientifically explainable, but science has always been, at one
time or another, considered magic.
There is no difference between "White" and "Black" magic, except in the smug hypocrisy,
guilt-ridden righteousness, and self-deceit of the "White" magician himself. In the classical
religious tradition, "White" magic is performed for altruistic, benevolent, and "good"
purposes; while "Black" magic is used for self-aggrandizement, personal power, and "evil"
purposes. No one on earth ever pursued occult studies, metaphysics, yoga, or any other "white
light" concept, without ego gratification and personal power as a goal. It just so happens that
some people enjoy wearing hair shirts, and others prefer velvet or silk. What is pleasure to
one, is pain to another, and the same applies to "good" and "evil". Every practitioner of
witchcraft is convinced that he or she is doing the "right" thing.
Magic falls into two categories, ritual or ceremonial, and non-ritual or manipulative. Ritual
magic consists of the performance of a formal ceremony, taking place, at least in part, within
the confines of an area set aside for such purposes and at a specific time. Its main function is
to isolate the otherwise dissipated adrenal and other emotionally induced energy, and convert
it into a dynamically transmittable force. It is purely an emotional, rather than intellectual, act.
Any and all intellectual activity must take place before the ceremony, not during it. This type
of magic is sometimes known as "GREATER MAGIC".
Non-ritual or manipulative magic, sometimes called "LESSER MAGIC", consists of the wile and
guile obtained through various devices and contrived situations, which when utilized, can
create "change, in accordance with one's will". In olden times this would be called
"fascination", "glamour", or the "evil eye".
Most of the victims of the witch trials were not witches. Often the victims were eccentric old
women who were either senile or did not conform to society. Others were exceptionally
attractive women who turned the heads of the men in power, and were not responsive to their
advances. The real witches were rarely executed, or even brought to trial, as they were
proficient in the art of enchantment and could charm the men and save their own lives. Most
of the real witches were sleeping with the inquisitors. This is the origin of the word
"glamour". The antiquated meaning of glamour is witchcraft. The most important asset to the
modern witch is her ability to be alluring, or to utilize glamour. The word "fascination" has a
similarly occult origin. Fascination was the term applied to the evil eye. To fix a person's
gaze, in other words, fascinate, was to curse them with the evil eye. Therefore, if a woman
had the ability to fascinate men, she was regarded as a witch.
had the ability to fascinate men, she was regarded as a witch.
Learning to effectively utilize the command to LOOK, is an integral part of a witch's or
warlock's training. To manipulate a person, you must first be able to attract and hold his
attention. The three methods by which the command to look can be accomplished are the
utilization of sex, sentiment, or wonder, or any combination of these. A witch must, honestly,
decide into which category she most naturally falls. The first category, that of sex, is selfevident. If a woman is attractive or sexually appealing, she should do everything in her power
to make herself as enticing as possible, thereby using sex as her most powerful tool. Once she
has gained the man's attention, by using her sex appeal, she is free to manipulate him to her
will. The second category is sentiment. Usually older woman fit into this category. This
would include the "cookie lady" type witch, who might live in a little cottage, and be thought
of by people as being a bit eccentric. Children are usually enchanted by the fantasy that this
type of witch can provide for them, and young adults seek her out for her sage-like advice.
Through their innocence, children can recognize her magical power. By conforming to an
image of the sweet little old lady next door, she can employ the art of misdirection to
accomplish her goals. The third category is the wonder theme. This category would apply to
the woman who is strange or awesome in her appearance. By making her strange appearance
work for her, she can manipulate people simply becuase they are fearful of the consequences
should they not do as she asks.
Many women fit into more than one of these categories. For example, the young girl who has
an appearance of freshness and innocence, but at the same time is very sexy, combines sex
appeal with sinister overtones, uses sex and wonder. After evaluating her assets, each witch
must decide into which category or combination of categories she fits, and then utilize these
assets in their proper form.
To be a successful warlock, a man must similarly fit himself into the proper category. The
handsome or sexually appealing man would, naturally, fit into the first category - sex. The
second, or sentiment category would apply to the older man who has, perhaps, an elfin or
forest wizard appearance. The sweet old grandpa (often a dirty old man!) would also be in the
sentiment category. The third type would be the man who presents a sinister or diabolic
appearance. Each of these men would apply his particular brand of the command to look, in
much the same way as the women previously described.
Visual imagery utilized for emotional reaction is certainly the most important device
incorporated in the practice of lesser magic. Anyone who is foolish enough to say "looks don't
mean a thing" is indeed deluded. Good looks are unnecessary, but "looks" certainly are
needed!
Odor is another important manipulative factor in lesser magic. Remember, animals fear and
distrust anyone or anything that doesn't smell! And even though we may, as human animals,
deny many of the judgments based on this sense consciously, we still are motivated by our
sense of smell just as surely as any all-fours animal. If you are a man, and wish to enchant a
woman, allow the natural secretions of your body to pervade the atmosphere immediately
around you, and work in animalistic contrast to the vestments of social politeness that you
wear upon your back. If you, as a woman, wish to bewitch a man, do not fear that you might
"offend" simply because the oils and fragrances of your flesh have not been scrubbed away,
or that place between your thighs is not dry and sterile. These natural odors are the sexual
stimulants which nature, in her magical wisdom, has provided.
The sentiment stimulants are those odors that will appeal to pleasant memories and nostalgia.
The enchanting of a man, through his stomach, is first established by the smell of cooking! A
"sentiment" type of witch will find this one of the most useful of all charms. It is not so
facetious to dwell upon the technique of the man who wished to charm the young lady who
had been displaced from her home of childhood joys, which happened to be a fishing village.
Wise to the ways of lesser magic, he neatly tucked a mackerel into his trousers pocket, and
reaped the rewards that great fondness may often bring.
THE THREE TYPES
OF
SATANIC RITUAL
THERE are three types of ceremony incorporated in the practice of Satanic magic. Each
of these correspond to a basic human emotion. The first of these we shall call a sex
ritual.
A sex ritual is what is commonly known as a love charm or spell. The purpose in
performing such a ritual is to create desire on the part of the person whom you desire,
or to summon a sex partner to fulfill your desires. If you have no specific person or
type of person in mind strong enough to cause direct sexual feeling culminating in
orgasm, you will not succeed in performing as successfull working. The reason for this is that
even if the ritual was successful, by accident, what good would it serve if you could not take
advantage of your eventual opportunity because of lack of stimulation or desire? It is easy to
confuse enchantment for your ulterior motives, with spell-casting to satisfy your sexual
desires.
Enchantment for self-aggrandizement, when accompanied by ceremonial magic, falls into the
category of either the compassion or the destruction ritual, or possibly both. If you want or
need something so badly you are sad or feel much anguish without it, without causing hurt on
another's part, then this would incorporate a compassion ritual to increase your power. If you
wish to enchant or entrap a deserving victim for your own purposes, you would employ a
destruction ritual. These formulas are to be adhered to, as applying the wrong type of ritual
towards a desired result can lead to trouble of a complicated nature.
A good example of this is the girl who finds herself plagued by a relentless suitor. If she has
done little to encourage him, then she should recognize him for the psychic vampire he is, and
let him play his masochistic role. If, however, she has enchanted him frivolously, giving him
every encouragement and then finds herself a steady object of sexual desire, much to her
dismay, she has no one to blame but herself. Such exercises are only ego boosts, borne of an
indoctrination of ego denial which makes these little bewitchments necessary. The Satanist
has enough ego strength to use enchantments for her own sexual gratification, or to gain
power or success of a specific nature.
The second type of ritual is of a compassionate nature. The compassion, or sentiment, ritual is
performed for the purpose of helping others, or helping oneself. Health, domestic happiness,
business activities, material success, and scholastic prowess are but a few of the situations
covered in a compassion ritual. It might be said that this form of ceremony could fall into the
realm of genuine charity, bearing in mind that "charity begins at home".
The third motivating force is that of destruction. This is a ceremony used for anger,
annoyance, disdain, contempt, or just plain hate. It is known as a hex, curse, or destroying
agent.
One of the greatest of all fallacies about the practice of ritual magic is the notion that one
must believe in the powers of magic before one can be harmed or destroyed by them. Nothing
could be farther from the truth, as the most receptive victims of curses have always been the
greatest scoffers. The reason is frighteningly simple. The uncivilized tribesman is the first to 
run to his nearest witch-doctor or shaman when he feels a curse has been placed upon him by
an enemy. The threat and presence of harm is with him consciously, and belief in the power of
the curse is so strong that he will take every precaution against it. Thus, through the
application of sympathetic magic, he will counteract any harm that might come his way. This
man is watching his step, and not taking any chances.
On the other hand, the "enlightened" man, who doesn't place any stock in such "superstition",
relegates his instinctive fear of the curse to his unconscious, thereby nourishing it into a
phenominally destructive force that will multiply with each succeeding misfortune. Of course,
every time a new setback occurs, the non-believer will automatically deny any connection
with the curse, especially to himself. The emphatic conscious denial of the potential of the
curse is the very ingredient that will create its success, through setting-up of accident prone
situations. In many instances, the victim will deny any magical significance to his fate, even
unto his dying gasp - although the magician is perfectly satisfied, so long as his desired results
occur. It must be remembered that it matters not whether anyone attaches any significance to
your working, so long as the results of the working are in accordance with your will. The
super-logician will always explain the connection of the magical ritual to the end result as
"coincidence".
Whether magic is performed for constructive or destructive purposes, the success of the
operation is dependent on the receptivity of the person who is to receive the blessing or curse,
as the case may be. In the case of a sex or compassion ritual, it helps if the recipient has faith
and believes in magic, but the victim of a hex or curse is much more prone to destruction if he
DOES NOT believe in it! So long as man knows the meaning of fear, he will need the ways and
means to defend himself against his fears. No one knows everything, and as long as there is
wonder, there will always be an apprehension of the unknown, where there are potentially
dangerous forces. It is this natural fear of the unknown, a first cousin to the fascination
towards the unknown, that impels the man of logic towards his very explanations. Obviously,
the man of science is motivated to discovery by his very sense of wonder. And yet, how sad
that this man who calls himself logical is often the last to recognize the essence of ritual
magic.
If religious faith can make bleeding wounds appear on the body in approximation to the
wounds supposedly inflicted on Christ, it is called stigmata. These wounds appear as a result
of compassion driven to an emotionally violent extreme. Why, then, should there be any
doubt as to the destructive extremes of fear and terror. The so-called demons have the power
to destroy in a flesh rending manner, theoretically, as much as a handful of nails, long rusted
away, can create blood-dripping ecstasy in a person convinced he is hooked upon the cross of
Calvary.
Therefore, never attempt to convince the skeptic upon whom you wish to place a curse. Allow
him to scoff. To enlighten him would lessen your chance of success. Listen with benign
assurance as he laughs at your magic, knowing his days are filled with turmoil all the while. If
he is despicable enough, by Satan's grace, he might even die - laughing!
A WORD OF WARNING!
TO THOSE WHO WOULD PRACTICE THESE ARTS -
Concerning Sex or
Lust:
Take full advantage of spells and charms that work; if you be a
man, plunge your erect member into her with lascivious delight; if
you be a woman, open wide your loins in lewd anticipation.
Concerning
Compassion:
Be resolved that you'll have no regrets at the expense of the help
that you have given others, should their new-found blessings place
an obstacle in your path. Be grateful for things that come to you
through the use of magic.
Concerning
Destruction:
Be certain you DO NOT care if the intended victim lives or dies,
before you throw your curse, and having caused their destruction,
revel, rather than feel remorse.
HEED WELL THESE RULES - OR IN
EACH CASE YOU WILL SEE A REVERSAL
OF YOUR DESIRES WHICH WILL
HARM, RATHER THAN HELP, YOU!
THE RITUAL, OR
"INTELLECTUAL DECOMPRESSION",
CHAMBER
A MAGICAL ceremony may be performed by oneself or in a group, but the advantages
of each should be made clear.
A group ritual is certainly much more of a reinforcement of faith, and an instillation of
power, than is a private ceremony. The massing together of persons who are dedicated
to a common philosophy is bound to insure a renewal of confidence in the power of
magic. The pageantry of religion consistently becomes a solitary situation it reaches
into that realm of self-denail which runs concurrent with anti-social behavior.
It is for this reason that the Satanist should attempt to seek out others with whom to engage in
these ceremonies.
In the case of a curse or destruction ritual, it sometimes helps the magician if his desires are
intensified by other members of the group. There is nothing in this type of ceremony which
would lead to embarrassment on the part of those conducting a ritual of this sort, since anger
and the symbolic destruction of the intended victim are the essential ingredients.
On the other hand, a compassion ritual, with its unashamed shedding of tears, or a sex ritual,
with its masturbatory and orgasmic overtones, would most likely succeed best if privately
performed.
There is no place for self-consciousness in the ritual chamber, unless that very selfconsciousness is an integral part of the role being played, and can be used to good advantage -
i.e.: the shame felt by a prudent woman serving as an altar, who, through her embarrassment,
feels sexual stimulation.
Even in a totally personalized ritual, however, the standardized preliminary invocations and
devices should be employed before the intimate fantasies and acting out occur. The formal
part of the ritual can be performed in the same room or chamber as the personalized working -
or, the formal ceremony in one place, the personal in another. The beginning and end of the
ritual must be conducted within the confines of the ritual chamber containing the symbolic
devices (altar, chalice, etc.).
The formalized beginning and end of the ceremony acts as a dogmatic, anti-intellectual
device, the purpose of which is to disassociate the activities and frame of reference of the
outside world from that of the ritual chamber, where the whole will must be employed. This
facet of the ceremony is most important to the intellectual, as he especially requires the
"decompression chamber" effect of the chants, bells, candles, and other trappings, before he
can put his pure and willful desires to work for himself, in the projection and utilization of his
imagery.
The "intellectual decompression chamber" of the Satanic temple might be considered a
training school for temporary ignorance, as are ALL religious services! The difference is that
the Satanist KNOWS he is practicing a form of contrived ignorance in order to expand his will,
whereas another religionist doesn't - or if he does know, he practices that form of self-deceit 
which forbids such recognition. His ego is already too shaky from his religious inculcation to
allow himself to admit to such a thing as self-imposed ignorance!
THE INGREDIENTS USED
IN THE PERFORMANCE
OF SATANIC MAGIC
A. Desire
THE first ingredient in the performance of a ritual is desire, otherwise known as
motivation, temptation, or emotional persuasion. If you do not truly desire any end
result, you should not attempt to perform a working.
There is no such thing as a "practice" working, and the only way that a magician could
do "tricks" such as moving inanimate objects, would be to have a strong emotional
need to do so. It is true that if the magician wishes to gain power through impressing
others with his feats of magic, he must produce tangible proof of his ability. The
Satanic concept of magic, however, fails to find gratification in the proving of magical
prowess.
The Satanist performs his ritual to insure the outcome of his desires, and he would not waste
his time nor force of will on something so inconclusive as folling a pencil off a table, etc.
through the application of magic. The amount of energy needed to levitate a teacup
(genuinely) would be of sufficient force to place an idea in a group of people's heads half-way
across the earth, in turn, motivating them in accordance with your will. The Satanist knows
that even if you succeeded in lifting the teacup from the table, it would be assumed that
trickery was used anyway. Therefore, if the Satanist wants to float objects in mid-air, he uses
wires, mirrors, or other devices, and saves his force for self-aggrandizement. All "gifted"
mediums and white-light mystics practice pure and applied stage magic, with their blindfolds
and sealed envelopes, and any fairly competent stage magician, carnival worker, or lodge-hall
entertainer can duplicate the same effect - although lacking, perhaps, the sanctimonious
"spiritual" overtones.
A little child learns that if he wishes for something hard enough, it will come true. This is
meaningful. Wishing indicates desire, whereas prayer is accompanied by apprehension.
Scripture has twisted desire into lust, covetousness, and greed. Be as a child, and do not stifle
desire, lest you lose touch with the first ingredient in the performance of magic. Be led into
temptation, and take that which tempts, whenever you can!
THE INGREDIENTS USED
IN THE PERFORMANCE
OF SATANIC MAGIC
B. Timing
IN every successful situation, one of the most important ingredients is the proper
timing. In the performance of a magical ritual, timing can mean success or failure to an
even greater extent. The best time to cast your spell or charm, hex or curse, is when
your target is at his most receptive state. Receptivity to the will of the magician is
assured when the recipient is as passive as possible. No matter how strong-willed one
is, he is naturally passive while he is asleep; therefore, the best time to throw your
magical energy towards your target is when he or she sleeps.
There are certain periods of the sleep cycle that are better than others for susceptibility to
outside influences. When a person is normally fatigued from a day's activities, he will "sleep
like a log" until his mind and body are rested. This period of profound sleep usually lasts
about four to six hours, after which the period of "dream sleep" occurs which lasts two or
three hours, or until awakening. It is during this "dream sleep" that the mind is most receptive
to outside or unconscious influence.
Let us assume the magician wishes to cast a spell on a person who would usually retire at 11
o'clock in the evening, and rise at 7 o'clock in the morning. The most effective time to
perform a ritual would be about 5 o'clock in the morning, or two hours before the recipient
awakens.
It is to be emphasized that the magician must be at his peak of efficiency, as he represents the
"sending" factor when he performs his ritual. Traditionally speaking, witches and sorcerers
are night people, and understandably so. What better schedule on which to live, for the
sending of thoughts towards unsuspecting sleepers! If only people were aware of the thoughts
injected into their minds while they slept! The dream state is the birthplace of much of the
future. Great thoughts are manifest upon awakening, and the mind that retains, in conscious
form, these thoughts, shall produce much. But he who is guided by thoughts unrecognized is
led into situations that will later be interpreted as "fate", "God's will", or accident.
There are other times in each person's day that lend themselves to the receiving of the will of
the wizard. Those times when day-dreaming or boredom ensue, or when time hangs heavy,
are fertile periods of suggestibility.
If a woman is the target for your spell, do not forget the importance of the menstrual cycle. If
man were not dulled through his stifling evolutionary development, he would know, as an allfours animal knows, when the female was most sexually inclined. Man's snout, however
unsullied by cheap opiates, is not normally equipped to ferret out such tell-tale erotic scents.
Even if he were so endowed with such olfactory powers, the object of his quest would most
likely "throw him off the scent" through the use of massive doses of perfumery to cover and
smother the "offending" effluvium, or eliminate detection completely, by the astringent action
of powerful deodorants.
Despite these discouraging factors, man is still motivated to desire or be repelled, as the case
may be, by his unconscious recognition of the change in woman's body chemistry. This is
accomplished in the form of a sensory cue, which is olfactory in its nature. To go backwards,
in what would amount to a return to the all-fours animal, would seem to be the best exercise
for the conscious application of these powers, but to the squeamish might smack of
lycanthropy. There is, however, an easier way, and that is to simply ascertain the dates and
frequency of the menstrual cycle of the woman who is your target. It is immediately before
and after the period itself that the average woman is most sexually approachable. Therefore,
the magician will find the sleep period during these times most effective for the instillation of
thoughts or motivations of a sexual nature.
Witches and sorceresses have a much greater range of time in which to cast their spells
toward the men of their choice. Becuase man is more consistent in his sexual drives than
woman (although there are many women with equal or even greater lusts), day to day timing
is not as important. Any man who is not already drained of all sexual energy is a "sitting
duck" for the proficient witch. The time of the year following the spring equinox is the most
fraught with sexual vigor in a man, and he asserts himself accordingly; but the witch, in turn,
must work her magic stronger, as she will find his eyes will stray.
Should the fearful ask, "Is there no defense against such witchery?" it must be answered thus -
"Yes, there is protection. You must never sleep, never daydream, never be without a vital
thought, and never have an open mind. Then you shall be protected from the forces of magic."
THE INGREDIENTS USED
IN THE PERFORMANCE
OF SATANIC MAGIC
C. Imagery
THE adolescent boy who takes great care in carving, on a tree, a heart containing his
and his love object's initials; the little chap who sits by the hour drawing his conception
of sleek automobiles; the tiny girl who rocks a scuffed and ragged doll in her arms, and
thinks of it as her beautiful little baby - these capable witches and warlocks, these
natural magicians, are employing the magical ingredient known as imagery, and the
success of any ritual depends on it.
Children, not knowing or caring if they possess artistic skill or other creative talents,
pursue their goals through the use of imagery of their own manufacture, whereas "civilized"
adults are much more critical of their own creative efforts. This is why a "primitive" magician
can utilize a mud doll or crude drawing to successful advantage in his magical ceremonies. To
HIM, the image is as accurate as needs be.
Anything which serves to intensify the emotions during a ritual will contribute to its success.
Any drawing, painting, sculpture, writing, photograph, article of clothing, scent, sound,
music, tableau, or contrived situation that can be incorporated into the ceremony will serve
the sorcerer well.
Imagery is a constant reminder, an intellect-saving device, a working substitute for the real
thing. Imagery can be manipulated, set up, modified, and created, all according to the will of
the magician, and the very blueprint that is created by imagery becomes the formula which
leads to reality.
If you wish to enjoy sexual pleasures with the one of your choice, you must create the
situation you desire on paper, canvas, by the written word, etc., in as overstated a way as
possible, as an integral part of the ceremony.
If you have material desires, you must gaze upon images of them - surround yourself with the
smells and sounds conducive to them - create a lodestone which will attract the situation or
thing that you wish!
To insure the destruction of an enemy, you must destroy them by proxy! They must be shot,
stabbed, sickened, burned, smashed, drowned, or rent in the most vividly convincing manner!
It is easy to see why the religions of the right-hand path frown upon the creation of "graven
images". The imagery used by the sorcerer is a working mechanism for material reality, which
is totally opposed to esoteric spirituality.
A Greek gentleman of magical persuasion once wanted a woman who would satisfy his every
desire, and so obsessed with the unfound object of his dreams was he, that he went about
constructing such a wonderful creature. His work completed, he fell so convincingly and
irrevocably in love with the woman he had created that she was no longer stone, but mortal
flesh, and alive and warm; and so the magus, Pygmalion, received the greatest of magical 
benedictions, and the beautiful Galatea was his.
THE INGREDIENTS USED
IN THE PERFORMANCE
OF SATANIC MAGIC
D. Direction
ONE of the most overlooked ingredients in the working of magic is the accumulation
and subsequent direction of force toward an effective end.
Altogether too many would-be witches and warlocks will perform a ritual, and then go
about with tremendous anxiety waiting for the first sign of a successful working. For
all intent and purpose, they might as well get down on their knees and pray, for their
very anxiety in waiting for the desired results only nullifies any real chance of success.
Furthermore, with this attitude, it is doubtful that enough concentrated energy to even
perform a proper ceremony could be stored up in the first place.
To dwell upon or constantly complain about the situation upon which your ritual would be
based only guarantees the weakening of what should be ritualistically directed force, by
spreading it thin and diluting it. Once the desire has been established strongly enough to
employ the forces of magic, then every attempt must be made to symbolically give vent to
these wishes IN THE PERFORMANCE OF THE RITUAL - NOT before or after!
The purpose of the ritual is to FREE the magician from thoughts that would consume him, were
he to dwell upon them constantly. Contemplation, daydreaming and constant scheming burns
up emotional energy that could be gathered together in a dynamically usable force; not to
mention the fact that normal productivity is severely depleted by such consuming anxiety.
The witch who casts her spells between long waits by the telephone, anticipating her wouldbe lover's call; the destitute warlock who invokes Satan's blessing, then waits on pins and
needles for the check to arrive; the man, saddened by the injustices wrought upon him, who,
having cursed his enemy, plods his way, long of face, and forrowed of brow - all are common
examples of misdirected emotional energy.
Small wonder that the "white" magician fears retribution after casting an "evil" spell!
Retribution, to the guilt-ridden sender, would be assured, by their very conscience-stricken
state!
THE INGREDIENTS USED
IN THE PERFORMANCE
OF SATANIC MAGIC
E. The Balance Factor
THE Balance Factor is an ingredient employed in the practice of ritual magic which
applies to the casting of lust and compassion rituals more than in the throwing of a
curse. This ingredient is a small, but extremely important one.
A complete knowledge and awareness of this factor is an ability few witches and
warlocks ever attain. This is, simply, knowing the proper type of individual and
situation to work your magic on for the easiest and best results. Knowing one's own
limitations is a rather odd bit of introspection, it would seem, for a person who should
be able to perform the impossible; but under many conditions it can make the difference
between success and failure.
If, in attempting to attain your goal through either greater or lesser magic, you find yourself
failing consistently, think about these things: Have you been the victim of a misdirected, overblown ego which has caused you to want something or someone when the chances are
virtually non-existent? Are you a talentless, tone-deaf individual who is attempting, through
magic, to receive great acclaim for your unmusical voice? Are you a plain, glamorless witch
with oversized feet, nose, and ego, combined with an advanced case of acne, who is casting
love spells to catch a handsome young movie star? Are you a gross, lumpy, lewd-mouthed,
snaggle-toothed loafer who is desirous of a luscious young stripper? If so, you'd better learn to
use the balance factor, or else expect to fail consistently!
To be able to adjust one's wants to one's capabilities is a great talent, and too many people fail
to realize that if they are unable to attain the maximum, "a half a loaf can be better than
none". The chronic loser is always the man who, having nothing, if unable to make a million
dollars, will reject any chance to make fifty thousand with a disgruntled sneer.
One of the magician's greatest weapons is knowing himself; his talents, abilities, physical
attractions and detractions, etc., and when, where, and with whom to utilize them! The man
with nothing to offer, who approaches the man who is successful with grandiose advice and
promise of great wealth, has the alacrity of the flea climbing up the elephant's leg with the
intention of rape!
The aspiring witch who deludes herself into thinking that a powerful enough working will
always succeed, despite a magical imbalance, is forgetting one essential rule: MAGIC IS LIKE
NATURE ITSELF, AND SUCCESS IN MAGIC REQUIRES WORKING IN HARMONY WITH NATURE, NOT AGAINST IT.
THE
SATANIC RITUAL
A. NOTES WHICH ARE TO BE OBSERVED
BEFORE BEGINNING RITUAL
1. Person performing ritual stands facing the altar and symbol of Baphomet throughout
ritual, except when other positions are specifically indicated.
2. If possible, altar should be against west wall.
3. In rituals performed by one person the role of priest is not required. When more than
one person is involved in the ceremony, one of them must act as priest. In a private
ritual the sole performer follows the instructions for the priest.
4. Whenever the words "Shemhamforash!" and "Hail Satan!" are spoken by the person
acting as priest, the other participants will repeat the words after him. The gong is
struck following the other participants' response to "Hail Satan!"
5. Conversing (except within the context of the ceremony) and smoking are prohibited
after the bell is rung at the beginning, until after it is again rung at the end of the ritual.
6. The Book of Belial contians the principles of Satanic magic and ritual. Before
attempting the rituals in the Book of Leviathan, it is imperative that you read and
understand the complete Book of Belial. Until you have done so, no degree of success
can be expected from the thirteen steps which follow. 
THE
SATANIC RITUAL
B. THE THIRTEEN STEPS
(See Devices Used in a Satanic Ritual
for detailed instructions.)
1. Dress for ritual.
2. Assemble devices for ritual; light candles and shut out all outside light sources; place
parchments to right and left of the altar as indicated.
3. If a woman is used as the altar she now takes her position - head pointing south, feet
pointing north.
4. Purification of the air by ringing of the bell.
5. "Invocation to Satan" and "Infernal Names" which follow (see Book of Leviathan) are
now read aloud by priest. Participants will repeat each Infernal Name after it has been
said by priest.
6. Drink from chalice.
7. Turning counter-clockwise, the priest points with the sword to each cardinal point of
the compass and calls forth the respective Princes of Hell: Satan from the south,
Lucifer from the east, Belial from the north, and Leviathan from the west.
8. Perform benediction with the phallus (if one is used).
9. Priest reads aloud appropriate invocation for respective ceremony: Lust, Compassion,
or Destruction (see Book of Leviathan).
10. In the case of a personalized ritual this step is extremely important. Solitude is
compatible with the expressing of the most secret desires, and no attempt to "hold
back" should be made in the acting out, verbalizing, or casting of images pertaining to
your desires. It is at this step that your "blueprint" is drawn, wrapped, and sent off to
the recipient of your working.
(A)
To Summon One For Lustful Purpose Or Establish
A Sexually Gratifying Situation
Leave the area of the altar and remove yourself to that place, either in the same room
or without, that will be most conducive to the working of the respective ritual. Then,
fashion whatever imagery you possibly can that will parallel in as exact a way possible
the situation towards which you strive. Remember, you have five senses to utilize, so
do not feel you must limit your imagery to one. Here are devices that may be
employed (either alone, or in any combination):
a. graphic imagery such as drawings, paintings, etc.
b. written imagery such as stories, plays, descriptions of desires and eventual
outcome of same.
c. acting out the desire in tableau or playet, either as yourself or portraying the
role of the object of your desire (transference), using any devices necessary to
intensify imagery.
d. any odors relative to the desired person or situation.
e. any sounds or background noises conducive to a strong image.
Intense sexual feeling should accompany this step of the ritual, and after sufficient
imagery is obtained, as strong an orgasm as is possible should serve as climax to this
step. This climax should be attained using any masturbatory or auto-erotic means
necessary. After orgasm is obtained, return to the location of the altar and proceed
with step #11.
(B)
To Insure Help Or Success For One Who Has Your
Sympathy Or Compassion (Including Yourself)
Remain in close proximity of the altar and with as vivid a mental image as possible of
the person you wish to help (or intense self-pity), state your desire in your own terms.
Should your emotions be genuine enough, they will be accompanied the shedding of
tears, which should be allowed to flow without restraint. After this exercise in
sentiment is completed, proceed to step #11.
(C)
To Cause The Destruction Of An Enemy
Remain in the area of the altar unless imagery is more easily obtained in another spot,
such as in the vicinity of the victim. Producing the image of the victim, proceed to
inflict the destruction upon the effigy in the manner of your choice. This can be done
in the following ways:
f. the sticking of pins or nails into a doll representing your victim; the doll may
be cloth, wax, wood, vegetable matter, etc.
g. the creation of graphic imagery depicting the method of your victim's
destruction; drawings, paintings, etc. 
h. the creation of a vivid literary description of your victim's ultimate end.
i. a detailed soliloquy directed at the intended victim, describing his torments and
annihilation.
j. mutilation, injury, infliction of pain or illness by proxy using any other means
or devices desired.
Intense, calculated hatred and disdain should accompany this step of the ceremony,
and no attempt should be made to stop this step until the expended energy results in a
state of relative exhaustion on the part of the magician. When the exhastion ensues,
proceed to step #11.
11. (a) If requests are written, they are now read aloud by the priest and then burned in the
flames of the appropriate candle. "Shemhamforash!" and "Hail Satan!" is said after
each request.
11. (b) If requests are given verbally, participants (one at a time) now tell them to the
priest. He then repeats in his own words (those which are most emotionally
stimulating to him) the request. "Shemhamforash!" and "Hail Satan!" is said after each
request.
12. Appropriate Enochian Key is now read by the priest, as evidence of the participants'
allegiance to the Powers of Darkness.
13. Ringing of the bell as pollutionary, and then the words "SO IT IS DONE" are spoken by the
priest.
END OF RITUAL
THE
SATANIC RITUAL
C. DEVICES USED IN A SATANIC RITUAL
CLOTHING
Black robes are worn by the male participants. The robes may be cowled or hooded, and if
desired may cover the face. The purpose in covering the face is to allow the participant
freedom to express emotion in the face, without concern. It also lessens distraction on the part
of one participant towards another. Female participants wear garments which are sexually
suggestive; or all black clothing for older women. Amulets bearing the sigil of Baphomet or
the traditional pentagram of Satan are worn by all participants.
Robes are donned by men before entering the ritual chamber, and are worn throughout the
ritual. Men may substitute all black clothing for black robes.
Black is chosen for the attire in the ritual chamber because it is symbolic of the Powers of
Darkness. Sexually appealing clothing is worn by women for the purpose of stimulating the
emotions of the male participants, and thereby intensifying the outpouring of adrenal or bioelectrical energy which will insure a more powerful working.
ALTAR
Man's earliest altars were living flesh and blood; and man's natural instincts and predilictions
were the foundation on which his religions were based. Later religions, in making man's
natural inclinations sinful, perverted his living altars into slabs of stone and lumps of metal.
Satanism is a religion of the flesh, rather than of the spirit; therefore, an altar of flesh is used
in Satanic ceremonies. The purpose of an altar is to serve as a focal point towards which all
attention is focused during a ceremony. A nude woman is used as the altar in Satanic rituals
because woman is the natural passive receptor, and represents the earth mother.
In some rituals nudity for the woman serving as altar may be impractical, so she may be
clothed or partially covered. If a female is performing the ritual alone, no woman need be
used for the altar. If no female is used for the altar, the elevated plane used for her to lie upon
may be used to hold other devices for the ritual. For large group rituals a trapezoidal altar
about 3 to 4 feet high and 5½ to 6 feet long can be specially constructed for the woman to lie
upon. If this is impractical, or in private ceremonies, any elevated plane may be used. If a 
woman is used for the altar, the other devices may be placed upon a table within easy reach of
the priest.
SYMBOL OF BAPHOMET
The symbol of Baphomet was used by the Knights Templar to represent Satan. Through the
ages this symbol has been called by many different names. Among these are: The Goat of
Mendes, The Goat of a Thousand Young, The Black Goat, The Judas Goat, and perhaps the
most appropriately, The Scapegoat.
Baphomet represents the Powers of Darkness combined with the generative fertility of the
goat. In its "pure" form the pentagram is shown encompassing the figure of a man in the five
points of the star - three points up, two pointing down - symbolizing man's spiritual nature. In
Satanism the pentagram is also used, but since Satanism represents the carnal instincts of
man, or the opposite of spiritual nature, the pentagram is inverted to perfectly accomodate the
head of the goat - its horns, representing duality, thrust upwards in defiance; the other three
points inverted, or the trinity denied. The Hebraic figures around the outer circle of the
symbol which stem from the magical teachings of the Kabala, spell out "Leviathan", the
serpent of the watery abyss, and identified with Satan. These figures correspond to the five
points of the inverted star.
The symbol of Baphomet is placed on the wall above the altar.
CANDLES
The candles used in Satanic ritual represent the light of Lucifer - the bearer of light,
enlightenment, the living flame, burning desire, and the Flames of the Pit.
Only black and white candles are to be used in Satanic ritual. Never use more than one white
candle; but as many black candles as are required to illuminate the ritual chamber may be
used. At least one black candle is placed to the left of the altar, representing the Powers of
Darkness and the left-hand path. Other black candles are placed where needed for
illumination. One white candle is placed to the right of the altar, representing the hypocrisy of
white light "magicians" and the followers of the right-hand path. No other light source is to be
used.
Black candles are used for power and success for the participants of the ritual, and are used to
consume the parchments on which blessings requested by the ritual participants are written.
The white candle is used for destruction of enemies. Parchments upon which curses are
written are burned in the flame of the white candle.
BELL
The shattering effect of the bell is used to mark both the beginning and the end of the ritual.
The priest rings the bell nine times, turning counter clockwise and directing the tolling 
towards the four cardinal points of the compass. This is done once at the beginning of the
ritual to clear and purify the air of all external sounds, and once again at the end of the ritual
to intensify the working and act as a pollutionary indicating finality.
The tonal quality of the bell used should be loud and penetrating, rather than soft and tinkling.
CHALICE
In Satanic ritual the chalice or goblet used represents the Chalice of Ecstasy. Ideally, the
chalice should be made of silver, but if a silver chalice can not be obtained, one made from
another metal, glass, or crockery may be used - anything but gold. Gold has always been
associated with white-light religions and the Heavenly Realm.
The chalice is to be drunk from first by the priest, then by one assistant. In private rituals the
person performing the ceremony drains the chalice.
ELIXIR
The stimulating fluid or Elixir of Life used by the Pagans has been corrupted into sacramental
wine by the Christian faith. Originally, the liquor used in Pagan rituals was drunk to relax and
intensify the emotions of those involved in the ceremony. Satanism does not sacrifice its god,
as do other religions. The Satanist practices no such form of symbolic cannibalism, and
returns the sacramental wine used by the Christians to its original purpose - that of stimulating
the emotions necessary to Satanic ritual. Wine itself need not be used - whatever drink is most
stimulating and pleasing to the palate is in order.
The Elixir of Life is to be drunk from the Chalice of Ecstasy, as indicated above, immediately
following the Invocation to Satan.
SWORD
The Sword of Power is symbolic of aggressive force, and acts as an extension and intensifier
of the arm with which the priest uses to gesture and point. A parallel to this is the pointing
stick or blasting wand used in other forms of magical ritual.
The sword is held by the priest and is used to point towards the symbol of Baphomet during
the Invocation to Satan. It is also used, as indicated in Steps of Ritual, when calling forth the
four Princes of Hell. The priest thrusts the point of the sword through the parchment
containing the message or request after it has been read aloud; it is then used to hold the
parchment while introduced into the candle flame. While hearing the requests of other
participants, and while repeating same, the priest places the sword atop their heads (in
traditional "knighting" fashion).
For private rituals, if a sword cannot be obtained, a long knife, cane, or similar staff may be
used.
PHALLUS
The phallus is a Pagan fertility symbol which represents generation, virility, and aggresion.
This is yet another device which has been blasphemously converted to fit the guild-ridden
ceremonies of Christianity. The phallus is a non-hypocritical version of the aspergillim, or
"holy water sprinkler" used in Catholicism - quite a metamorphosis of the common penis!
The phallus is held in both hands of one of the priest's assistants, and methodically shaken
twice towards each cardinal point of the compass, for the benediction of the house.
Any phallic symbol may be used. If none is obtainable one may be made from plaster, wood,
clay, wax, etc. The phallus is necessary only in organized group rituals.
GONG
The gong is used to call upon the forces of Darkness. It is to be struck once after the
participants have repeated the priest's words, "Hail Satan!". A gong is necessary only in
organized group rituals. For the best tonal quality a concert gong is preferred, but if one
cannot be obtained any gong with a full, rich tone may be used.
PARCHMENT
Parchment is used because its organic properties are compatible with the elements of nature.
In keeping with the Satanic views on sacrifice, the parchment used would be made from the
skin of a sheep which was, by necessity, killed for food. An animal is never slaughtered for
the purpose of using all or a part of that animal in a Satanic ritual. If commerical parchment
which has been made from already slaughtered sheep cannot be obtained, plain paper may be
substituted.
The parchment is the means by which the written message or request can be consumed by the
candle flame and sent out into the ether. The request is written on parchment or paper, read
aloud by the priest, and then burned in the flame of either the black or white candle -
whichever is appropriate for the particular request. Before the ritual begins curses are placed
to the right of the priest, and charms or blessings are placed to the left of him.
(WATER)
THE BOOK OF LEVIATHAN
THE RAGING SEA
Despite all non-verbalists' protests to the contrary, soaring heights of emotional ecstasy or
raging pangs of anguish can be attained through verbal communication. If the magical
ceremony is to employ all sensory awarenesses, then the proper sounds must be invoked. It is
certainly true that "actons speak louder than words", but words become as monuments to
thoughts.
Perhaps the most noticeable shortcoming in the printed magical conjurations of the past is the
lack of emotion developed upon the reciting of them. An old wizard known to the author, who
was once employing a self-composed invocation of great personal meaning in the light of his
magical desires, ran out of words just as his ritual was moments short of its successful
culmination. Aware of the necessity of keeping his emotional response generating, he quickly
adlibbed the first emotion-provoking words that came to mind - a few stanzas of a poem by
Rudyard Kipling! Thus, with this final burst of glory-charged adrenalin, was he able to
finalize an effective working!
The invocations which follow are designed to serve as proclamations of certainty, not whining
apprehension. For this reason they are devoid of shallow offerings-up and hollow charities.
Leviathan, the great Dragon from the Watery Abyss, roars forth as the surging sea, and these
invocations are his tribunals.
INVOCATION
TO
SATAN
In nomine Dei nostri Satanas Luciferi excelsi!
In the name of Satan, the Ruler of the earth, the King of the world, I command the forces of
Darkness to bestow their Infernal power upon me!
Open wide the gates of Hell and come forth from the abyss to greet me as your brother (sister)
and friend!
Grant me the indulgences of which I speak!
I have taken thy name as a part of myself! I live as the beasts of the field, rejoicing in the
fleshly life! I favor the just and curse the rotten!
By all the Gods of the Pit, I command that these things of which I speak shall come to pass!
Come forth and answer to your names by manifesting my desires!
OH HEAR THE NAMES:
THE INFERNAL NAMES
The Infernal names are listed here in alphabetical order purely to simplify referral to them.
When calling the names, all of them may be recited, or a given number of those most
significant to the respective working may be chosen.
Whether all or only some of the names are called, they must be taken out of the rigidly
organized form in which they are listed here and arranged in a phonetically effective roster.
Abaddon Euronymous O-Yama
Adramelech Fenriz Pan
Ahpuch Gorgo Pluto
Ahriman Haborym Proserpine
Amon Hecate Pwcca
Apollyn Ishtar Rimmon
Asmodeus Kali Sabazios
Astaroth Lilith Sammael
Azazel Loki Samnu
Baalberith Mammon Sedit
Balaam Mania Sekhmet
Baphomet Mantus Set
Bast Marduk Shaitan
Beelzebub Mastema Shamad
Behemoth Melek Taus Shiva
Beherit Mephistopheles Supay
Bilé Metztli T'an-mo
Chemosh Mictian Tchort
Cimeries Midgard Tezcatlipoca
Coyote Milcom Thamuz
Dagon Moloch Thoth
Damballa Mormo Tunrida
Demogorgon Naamah Typhon
Diabolus Nergal Yaotzin
Dracula Nihasa Yen
-lo
-Wang
Emma
-
O Nija
INVOCATION EMPLOYED TOWARDS
THE CONJURATION OF LUST
COME forth, Oh great spawn of the abyss and make thy presence manifest. I have set
my thoughts upon the blazing pinnacle which glows with the chosen lust of the
moments of increase and grows fervent in the turgid swell.
Send forth that messenger of voluptuous delights, and let these obscene vistas of my
dark desires take form in future deeds and doings.
From the sixth tower of Satan there shall come a sign which joineth with those saltes
within, and as such will move the body of the flesh of my summoning.
I have gathered forth my symbols and prepare my garnishings of the is to be, and the image of
my creation lurketh as a seething basilisk awaiting his release.
The vision shall become as reality and through the nourishment that my sacrifice giveth, the
angles of the first dimension shall become the substance of the third.
Go out into the void of night (light of day) and pierce that mind that respondeth with thoughts
which leadeth to paths of lewd abandon.
(Male) My rod is athrust! The penetrating force of my venom shall shatter the sanctity of
that mind which is barren of lust; and as the seed falleth, so shall its vapours be
spread within that reeling brain benumbing it to helplessness according to my
will! In the name of the great god Pan, may my secret thoughts be marshalled into
the movements of the flesh of that which I desire!
Shemhamforash! Hail Satan!
(Female) My loins are aflame! The dripping of the nectar from my eager cleft shall act as
pollen to that slumbering brain, and the mind that feels not lust shall on a sudden
reel with crazed impulse. And when my mighty surge is spent, new wanderings
shall begin; and that flesh which I desire shall come to me. In the names of the
great harlot of Babylon, and of Lilith, and of Hecate, may my lust be fulfilled!
Shemhamforash! Hail Satan!
INVOCATION EMPLOYED TOWARDS
THE CONJURATION OF DESTRUCTION
BEHOLD! The mighty voices of my vengeance smash the stillness of the air and stand
as monoliths of wrath upon a plain of writhing serpents. I am become as a monstrous
machine of annihilation to the festering fragments of the body of he (she) who would
detain me.
It repenteth me not that my summons doth ride upon the blasting winds which multiply
the sting of my bitterness; And great black slimy shapes shall rise from brackish pits
and vomit forth their pustulence into his (her) puny brain.
I call upon the messengers of doom to slash with grim delight this victim I hath chosen. Silent
is that voiceless bird that feeds upon the brain-pulp of him (her) who hath tormented me, and
the agony of the is to be shall sustain itself in shrieks of pain, only to serve as signals of
warning to those who would resent my being.
Oh come forth in the name of Abaddon and destroy him (her) whose name I giveth as a sign.
Oh great brothers of the night, thou who makest my place of comfort, who rideth out upon the
hot winds of Hell, who dwelleth in the devil's fane; Move and appear! Present yourselves to
him (her) who sustaineth the rottenness of the mind that moves the gibbering mouth that
mocks the just and strong!; rend that gaggling tongue and close his (her) throat, Oh Kali!
Pierce his (her) lungs with the stings of scorpions, Oh Sekhmet! Plunge his (her) substance
into the dismal void, Oh mighty Dagon!
I thrust aloft the bifid barb of Hell and on its tines resplendently impaled my sacrifice through
vengeance rests!
Shemhamforash! Hail Satan!
INVOCATION EMPLOYED TOWARDS
THE CONJURATION OF COMPASSION
WITH the anger of anguish and the wrath of the stifled, I pour forth my voices,
wrapped in rolling thunder, that you may hear!
Oh great lurkers in the darkness, oh guardians of the way, oh minions of the might of
Thoth! Move and appear! Present yourselves to us in your benign power, in behalf of
one who believes and is stricken with torment.
Isolate him (her) in the bulwark of your protection, for he (she) is undeserving of
anguish and desires it not.
Let that which bears against him (her) be rendered powerless and devoid of substance.
Succor him (her) through fire and water, earth and air, to regain what he (she) has lost.
Strengthen with fire the marrow of our friend and companion, our comrade of the Left-Hand
Path.
Through the power of Satan let the earth and its pleasures re-enter his (her) being.
Allow his (her) vital saltes to flow unhampered, that he (she) may savor the carnal nectars of
his (her) future desires.
Strike dumb his (her) adversary, formed or formless, that he (she) may emerge joyful and
strong from that which afflicts him (her).
Allow no misfortune to allay his (her) path, for he (she) is of us, and therefore to be cherished.
Restore him (her) to power, to joy, to unending dominion over the reverses that have beset
him (her).
Build around and within him (her) the exultant radiance that will herald his (her) emergence
from the stagnant morass which engulfs him (her).
This we command, in the name of Satan, whose mercies flourish and whose sustenance will
prevail!
As Satan reigns so shall his (her) own whose name is as this sound: (name) is the vessel
whose flesh is as the earth; life everlasting, world without end!
Shemhamforash! Hail Satan!
THE ENOCHIAN LANGUAGE
AND THE ENOCHIAN KEYS
THE magical language used in Satanic ritual is Enochian, a language thought to be
older than Sanskrit, with a sound grammatical and syntactical bases. It resembles
Arabic in some sounds and Hebrew and Latin in others. It first appeared in print in
1659 in a biography of John Dee, the famous Sixteenth Century seer and court
astrologer. This work, by Meric Casaubon, describes the occultist Dee's activities with
his associate, Edward Kelly, in the art of scrying or crystal gazing.
Instead of the usual crystal ball, Kelly, who was the gazer, used a many-faceted
trapezohedron. The "angels" referred to in Kelly's first revelation of the Enochian Keys,
obtained through the windows of the crystal, are only "angels" because occultists to this day
have lain ill with metaphysical constipation. Now the crystal clears, and the "angels" are seen
as "angles" and the windows to the fourth dimension are thrown open - and to the frightened,
the Gates of Hell.
I have presented my translation of the following calls with an archaic but Satanically correct
unvarnishing of the translation employed by the Order of the Golden Dawn in the late
Nineteenth Century. In Enochian the meaning of the words, combined with the quality of the
words, unite to create a pattern of sound which can cause tremendous reaction in the
atmosphere. The barbaric tonal qualities of this language give it a truly magical effect which
cannot be described.
For many years the Enochian Keys, or Calls, have been shrouded in secrecy. The few
printings that have existed completely eliminate the correct wording, as the proper translation
has been disguised through the use of euphemisms, and only designed to throw the inept
magician and/or would-be inquisitor off the track. Apocryphal as they have become (and who
can tell what grim reality provokes the "fantasy"), the Enochian Calls are the Satanic paeans
of faith. Dispensing with such once-pragmatic whitewashing in terms such as "holy" and
"angelic", and arbitrarily chosen groups of numbers, the purpose of which were only to act as
substitutes for "blasphemous" words - here, then, are the TRUE Enochian Calls, as received
from an unknown hand. 
THE FIRST KEY
The first Enochian Key represents an initial proclamation from Satan, stating the inception of
the laws of temporal theologies and of the lasting power which resides in those bold enough
to recognize earthly beginnings and absolutes.
(Enochian)
Ol sonuf vaoresaji, gohu IAD Balata, elanusaha caelazod: sobrazod-ol Roray i ta
nazodapesad, od comemahe ta nobeloha zodien; soba tahil ginonupe pereje aladi, das
vaurebes obolehe giresam. Casarem ohorela caba Pire: das zodonurenusagi cab: erem
Iadanahe. Pilahe farezodem zodenurezoda adana gono Iadapiel das home-tohe: soba ipame lu
ipamis: das sobolo vepe zodomeda poamal, od bogira aai ta piape Piamoel od Vaoan!
Zodacare, eca, od zodameranu! odo cicale Qaa; zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe
Saitan!
(English)
I reign over thee, saith the Lord of the Earth, in power exalted above and below, in whose
hands the sun is a glittering sword and the moon a through-thrusting fire, who measureth your
garments in the midst of my vestures, and trusseth you up as the palms of my hands, and
brighten your vestments with Infernal light.
I made ye a law to govern the holy ones, and delivered a rod with wisdom supreme. You
lifted your voices and swore your allegiance to Him that liveth triumphant, whose beginning
is not, nor end cannot be, which shineth as a flame in the midst of your palaces, and reigneth
amongst you as the balance of life!
Move therefore, and appear! Open the mysteries of your creation! Be friendly unto me, for I
am the same! - the true worshipper of the highest and ineffable King of Hell!
THE SECOND KEY
In order to pay homage to the very lusts which sustain the continuance of life, itself, The
Second Enochian Key extends this recognition of our earthly heritage unto a talisman of
power.
(Enochian)
Adagita vau-pa-ahe zodonugonu fa-a-ipe salada! Vi-i-vau el! Sobame ial-pereji i-zodazodazod pi-adapehe casarema aberameji ta ta-labo paracaleda qo-ta lores-el-qo turebesa ooge
balatohe! Giui cahisa lusada oreri od micalapape cahisa bia ozodonugonu! lape noanu tarofe
coresa tage o-quo maninu IA-I-DON. Torezodu! gohe-el, zodacare eca ca-no-quoda!
zodameranu micalazodo od ozadazodame vaurelar; lape zodir IOIAD!
(English)
Can the wings of the winds hear your voices of wonder?; O you!, the great spawn of the
worms of the Earth!, whom the Hell fire frames in the depth of my jaws!, whom I have
prepared as cups for a wedding or as flowers regaling the chambers of lust!
Stronger are your feet than the barren stone! Mightier are your voices than the manifold
winds! For you are become as a building such as is not, save in the mind of the All-Powerful
manifestation of Satan!
Arise!, saith the First! Move therefore unto his servants! Show yourselves in power, and make
me a strong seer-of-things, for I am of Him that liveth forever!
THE THIRD KEY
The Third Enochian Key establishes the leadership of the earth upon the hands of those great
Satanic magicians who throughout the successive ages have held dominion over the peoples
of the world.
(Enochian)
Micama! goho Pe-IAD! zodir com-selahe azodien biabe os-lon-dohe. Norezodacahisa otahila
Gigipahe; vaunid-el-cahisa ta-pu-ime qo-mos-pelehe telocahe; qui-i-inu toltoregi cahisa i
cahisaji em ozodien; dasata beregida od torezodul! Ili e-Ol balazodareji, od aala tahilanu-os
netaabe: daluga vaomesareji elonusa cape-mi-ali varoesa cala homila; cocasabe fafenu
izodizodope, od miinoagi de ginetaabe: vaunu na-na-e-el: panupire malapireji caosaji. Pilada
noanu vaunalahe balata od-vaoan. Do-o-i-ape mada: goholore, gohus, amiranu! Micama!
Yehusozod ca-ca-com, od do-o-a-inu noari micaolazoda a-ai-om. Casarameji gohia:
Zodacare! Vaunigilaji! od im-ua-mar pugo pelapeli Ananael Qo-a-an.
(English)
Behold!, saith Satan, I am a circle on whose hands stand the Twelve Kingdoms. Six are the
seats of living breath, the rest are as sharp as sickles, or the Horns of Death. Therein the
creatures of Earth are and are not, except in mine own hands which sleep and shall rise!
In the first I made ye stewards and placed ye in the Twelve seats of government, giving unto
every one of you power successively over the Nine true ages of time, so that from the highest
vessels and the corners of your governments you might work my power, pouring down the
fires of life and increase continually on the Earth. Thus you are become the skirts of justice
and truth. In Satan's name, rise up! Show yourselves! Behold!, his mercies flourish, and his
name is become mighty among us. In whom we say: Move!, Ascend!, and apply yourselves
unto us as the partakers of His secret wisdom in your creation!
THE FOURTH KEY
The Fourth Enochian Key refers to the cycling of the ages of time.
(Enochian)
Otahil elasadi babaje, od dorepaha gohol: gi-cahisaje auauago coremepe peda, dasonuf vivau-di-vau? Casaremi oeli meapeme sobame agi coremepo carep-el: casaremeji caro-o-dazodi
cahisa od vaugeji; dasata ca-pi-mali cahisa ca-pi-ma-on: od elonusahinu cahisa ta el-o calaa.
Torezodu nor-quasahi od fe-caosaga: Bagile zodir e-na-IAD: das iod apila! Do-o-a-ipe quo-AAL, zodacare! Zodameranu obelisonugi resat-el aaf nor-mo-lapi!
(English)
I have set my feet in the South, and have looked about me, saying: Are not the thunders of
increase those which reign in the second angle?
Under whom I have placed those whom none hath yet numbered, but One; in whom the
second beginnings of things are and wax strong, successively adding the numbers of time, and
their powers doth stand as the first of the nine!
Arise!, you sons of pleasure, and visit the Earth; for I am the Lord, your God, which is and
liveth forever!
In the name of Satan, Move!, and show yourselves as pleasant deliverers, that you may praise
Him among the sons of men!
THE FIFTH KEY
The Fifth Enochian Key affirms the Satanic placing of traditional priests and wizards upon the
earth for the purpose of misdirection.
(Enochian)
Sapahe zodimii du-i-be, od noasa ta qu-a-nis, adarocahe dorepehal caosagi od faonutas
peripesol ta-be-liore. Casareme A-me-ipezodi na-zodaretahe afa; od dalugare zodizodope
zodelida caosaji tol-toregi; od zod-cahisa esiasacahe El ta-vi-vau; od iao-d tahilada das hubare
pe-o-al; soba coremefa cahisa ta Ela Vaulasa od Quo-Co-Casabe. Eca niisa od darebesa quoa-asa: fetahe-ar-ezodi od beliora: ia-ial eda-nasa cicalesa; bagile Ge-iad I-el!
(English)
The mighty sounds have entered into the third angle and are become as seedlings of folly,
smiling with contempt upon the Earth, and dwelling in the brightness of the Heaven as
continual comforters to the destroyers of self.
Unto whom I fastened the pillars of gladness, the lords of the righteous, and gave them
vessels to water the earth with her creatures. They are the brothers of the First and the Second,
and the beginning of their own seats which are garnished with myriad ever-burning lamps,
whose numbers are as the First, the ends, and the contents of time!
Therefore, come ye and obey your creation. Visit us in peace and comfort. Conclude us
receivers of your mysteries; for why? Our Lord and Master is the All-One!
THE SIXTH KEY
The Sixth Enochian Key establishes the structure and form of that which has become the
Order of the Trapezoid and Church of Satan.
(Enochian)
Gahe sa-div cahisa em, micalazoda Pil-zodinu, sobam El haraji mir babalonu od obeloce
samevelaji, dalagare malapereji ar-caosaji od acame canale, sobola zodare fa-beliareda caosaji
od cahisa aneta-na miame ta Viv od Da. Daresare Sol-petahe-bienu. Be-ri-ta od zodacame jimi-calazodo: sob-ha-atahe tarianu luia-he od ecarinu MADA Qu-a-a-on!
(English)
The spirits of the fourth angle are Nine, mighty in the trapezoid, whom the first hath formed, a
torment to the wretched and a garland to the wicked; giving unto them fiery darts to vanne the
earth, and Nine continual workmen whose courses visit with comfort the Earth, and are in
government and continuance as the Second and Third.
Therefore, harken unto my voice! I have talked of you, and I move you in power and
presence, whose works shall be a song of honor, and the praise of your God in your creation!
THE SEVENTH KEY
The Seventh Enochian Key is used to invoke lust, pay homage to glamor, and rejoice in the
delights of the flesh.
(Enochian)
Ra-asa isalamanu para-di-zoda oe-cari-mi aao iala-pire-gahe Qui-inu. Enai butamonu od
inoasa ni pa-ra-diala. Casaremeji ujeare cahirelanu, od zodonace lucifatianu, caresa ta vavalezodirenu tol-hami. Soba lonudohe od nuame cahisa ta Da o Desa vo-me-dea od pi-beliare
itahila rita od miame ca-ni-quola rita! Zodacare! Zodameranu! Iecarimi Quo-a-dahe od Imica-ol-zododa aaiome. Bajirele papenore idalugama elonusahi-od umapelifa vau-ge-ji Bijil -
IAD!
(English)
The East is a house of harlots singing praises among the flames of the first glory wherein the
Dark Lord hath opened His mouth; and they are become as living dwellings in whom the
strength of man rejoiceth; and they are appareled with ornaments of brightness, such as work
wonders on all creatures. Whose kingdoms and continuance are as the Third and Fourth,
strong towers and places of comfort, the seats of pleasure and continuance. O ye servants of
pleasure, Move!, Appear!, sing praises unto the Earth and be mighty amongst us. For that to
this remembrance is given power, and our strength waxeth strong in our comforter.
THE EIGHTH KEY
The Eighth Enochian Key refers to the emergence of the Satanic Age.
(Enochian)
Bazodemelo i ta pi-ripesonu olanu Na-zodavabebe ox. Casaremeji varanu cahisa vaugeji asa
berameji balatoha: goho IAD. Soba miame tarianu ta lolacis Abaivoninu od azodiajiere riore.
Irejila cahisa da das pa-aox busada Caosago, das cahisa od ipuranu telocahe cacureji oisalamahe lonucaho od Vovina carebafe? NIISO! bagile avavago gohon. NIISO! bagile
mamao siasionu, od mabezoda IAD oi asa-momare poilape. NIIASA! Zodameranu ciaosi
caosago od belioresa od coresi ta beramiji.
(English)
The midday of the first is as the third indulgence made of hyacinthine pillars, in whom the
elders are become strong, which I have prepared for mine own justice, saith Satan, whose
long continuance shall be as bucklers to Leviathan. How many are there which remain in the
glory of the earth, which are, and shall not see death until the house falls and the dragon doth
sink? Rejoice!, for the crowns of the temple and the robe of Him that is, was, and shall be
crowned are no longer divided! Come forth!, Appear
THE NINTH KEY
The Ninth Enochian Key warns of the use of substances, devices or pharmaceuticals which
might lead to the delusion and subsequent enslavement of the master. A protection against
false values.
(Enochian)
Micaoli beranusaji perejela napeta ialapore, das barinu efafaje Pe vaunupeho olani od
obezoda, soba-ca upaahe cahisa tatanu od tarananu balie, alare busada so-bolunu od cahisa
hoel-qo ca-no-quodi cial. Vaunesa aladonu mom caosago ta iasa olalore gianai limelala.
Amema cahisa sobra madarida zod cahisa! Ooa moanu cahisa avini darilapi caosajinu: od
butamoni pareme zodumebi canilu. Dazodisa etahamezoda cahisa dao, od mireka ozodola
cahisa pidiai Colalala. Ul ci ninu a sobame ucime. Bajile? IAD BALATOHE cahirelanu pare!
NIISO! od upe ofafafe; bajile a-cocasahe icoresaka a uniji beliore.
(English)
A mighty guard of fire with two-edged swords flaming (which contain the vials of delusion,
whose wings are of wormwood and of the marrow of salt), have set their feet in the West, and
are measured with their ministers. These gather up the moss of the Earth, as the rich man doth
his treasure. Cursed are they whose iniquities they are! In their eyes are millstones greater
than the Earth, and from their mouths run seas of blood. Their brains are covered with
diamonds, and upon their heads are marble stones. Happy is he on whom they frown not. For
Why? The Lord of Righteousness rejoiceth in them! Come away, and leave your vials, for the
time is such as requireth comfor
THE TENTH KEY
The Tenth Enochian Key creates rampant wrath and produces violence. Dangerous to employ
unless one has learnt to safeguard his own immunity; a random lightning bolt!
(Enochian)
Coraxo cahisa coremepe, od belanusa Lucala azodiazodore paebe Soba iisononu cahisa
uirequo ope copehanu od racalire maasi bajile caosagi; das yalaponu dosiji od basajime; od ox
ex dazodisa siatarisa od salaberoxa cynuxire faboanu. Vaunala cahisa conusata das daox
cocasa o Oanio yore vohima ol jizod-yazoda od eoresa cocasaji pelosi molui das pajeipe,
laraji same darolanu matorebe cocasaji emena. El pataralaxa yolaci matabe nomiji mononusa
olora jinayo anujelareda. Ohyo! ohyo! noibe Ohyo! caosagonu! Bajile madarida i zodirope
cahiso darisapa! NIISO! caripe ipe nidali!
(English)
The thunders of wrath doth slumber in the North, in the likeness of an oak whose branches are
dung-filled nests of lamentation and weeping laid up for the Earth, which burn night and day
and vomit out the heads of scorpions and live sulphur mingled with poison. These be the
thunders that in an instant roar with a hundred mighty earthquakes and a thousand as many
surges, which rest not, nor know any time here. One rock bringeth forth a thousand, even as
the heart of man doth his thoughts. Woe! Woe!, Yea!, woe be to the Earth, for her inquity is,
was, and shall be great. Come away! But not your mighty sounds!
THE ELEVENTH KEY
The Eleventh Enochian Key is used to herald the coming of the dead and establish a
sustenance beyond the grave. To bind to the earth. A funerary call.
(Enochian)
Oxiayala holado, od zodirome O coraxo das zodiladare raasyo. Od vabezodire cameliaxa od
bahala: NIISO! salamanu telocahe! Casaremanu hoel-qo, od ti ta zod cahisa soba coremefa i
ga. NIISA! bagile aberameji nonuçape. Zodacare eca od Zodameranu! odo cicale Qaa!
Zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
The mighty throne growled and there were five thunders that flew into the East. And the eagle
spake and cried aloud: Come away from the house of death! And they gathered themselves
together and became those of whom it measured, and they are the deathless ones who ride the
whirlwinds. Come away! For I have prepared a place for you. Move therefore, and show
yourselves! Unveil the mysteries of your creation. Be friendly unto me for I am your God, the
true worshipper of the flesh that liveth forever!
THE TWELFTH KEY
The Twelfth Enochian Key is used to vent one's displeasure towards man's need for misery,
and bring forth torment and conflict to the harbingers of woe.
(Enochian)
Nonuci dasonuf Babaje od cahisa ob hubaio tibibipe? alalare ataraahe od ef! Darix fafenu
mianu ar Enayo ovof! Soba dooainu aai i VONUPEHE. Zodacare, gohusa, od Zodameranu.
Odo cicale Qaa! Zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
O ye that range in the South and are the lanterns of sorrow, buckle your armor and visit us!
Bring forth the legions of the army of Hell, that the Lord of the Abyss may be magnified,
whose name amongst ye is Wrath! Move therefore, and appear! Open the mysteries of your
creation! Be friendly unto me, for I am the same!, the true worshipper of the highest and
ineffable King of Hell!
THE THIRTEENTH KEY
The Thirteenth Enochian Key is used to make the sterile lustful and vex those who would
deny the pleasures of sex.
(Enochian)
Napeai Babajehe das berinu vax ooaona larinuji vonupehe doalime: conisa olalogi oresaha das
cahisa afefa. Micama isaro Mada od Lonu-sahi-toxa, das ivaumeda aai Jirosabe. Zodacare od
Zodameranu. Odo cicale Qaa! Zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
O ye swords of the South, which have eyes to stir up the wrath of sin, making men drunken
which are empty; Behold! the promise of Satan and His power, which is called amongst ye a
bitter sting! Move and appear! Unveil the mysteries of your creation! For I am the servant of
the same, your God, the true worshipper of the highest and ineffable King of Hell!
THE FOURTEENTH KEY
The Fourteenth Enocian Key is a call for vengeance and the manifestation of justice.
(Enochian)
Noroni bajihie pasahasa Oiada! das tarinuta mireca ol tahila dodasa tolahame caosago
homida: das berinu orocahe quare: Micama! Bial! Oiad; aisaro toxa das ivame aai Balatima.
Zodacare od Zodameranu! Od cicale Qaa! Zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe
Saitan!
(English)
O ye sons and daughters of mildewed minds, that sit in judgement of the inquities wrought
upon me - Behold! the voice of Satan; the promise of Him who is called amongst ye the
accuser and supreme tribune! Move therefore, and appear! Open the mysteries of your
creation! Be friendly unto me, for I am the same!, the true worshipper of the highest and
ineffable King of Hell!
THE FIFTEENTH KEY
The Fifteenth Enochian Key is a resolution of acceptance and understanding of the masters
whose duty lies in administering to the seekers after spiritual gods.
(Enochian)
Ilasa! tabaanu li-El pereta, casaremanu upaahi cahisa dareji; das oado caosaji oresacore: das
omaxa monasaçi Baeouibe od emerajisa Iaiadix. Zodacare od Zodameranu! Odo cicale Qaa.
Zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
O thou, the governor of the first flame, under whose wings are the spinners of cobwebs that
weave the Earth with dryness; that knowest the great name "righteousness" and the seal of
false honor. Move therefore, and appear! Open the mysteries of your creation! Be friendly
unto me, for I am the same!, the true worshipper of the highest and ineffable King of Hell!
THE SIXTEENTH KEY
The Sixteenth Enochian Key gives recognition of the wondrous contrasts of the earth, and of
the sustenance of these dichotomies.
(Enochian)
Ilasa viviala pereta! Salamanu balata, das acaro odazodi busada, od belioraxa balita: das inusi
caosaji lusadanu emoda: das ome od taliobe: darilapa iehe ilasa Mada Zodilodarepe. Zodacare
od Zodameranu. Odo cicale Qaa: zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
O thou second flame, the house of justice, which hast thy beginnings in glory and shalt
comfort the just; which walketh upon the Earth with feet of fire; which understands and
separates creatures! Great art thou in the God of stretch-forth-and-conquer. Move therefore,
and appear! Open the mysteries of your creation! Be friendly unto me, for I am the same!, the
true worshipper of the highest and ineffable King of Hell!
THE SEVENTEENTH KEY
The Seventeenth Enochian Key is used to enlighten the benumbered and destroy through
revelation.
(Enochian)
Ilasa dial pereta! soba vaupaahe cahisa nanuba zodixalayo dodasihe od berinuta faxisa hubaro
tasataxa yolasa: soba Iad i Vonupehe o Uonupehe: aladonu dax ila od toatare! Zodacare od
Zodameranu! Odo cicale Qaa! Zodoreje, lape zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
O thou third flame!, whose wings are thorns to stir up vexation, and who hast myriad living
lamps going before thee; whose God is wrath in anger - Gird up thy loins and harken! Move
therefore, and appear! Open the mysteries of your creation! Be friendly unto me, for I am the
same!, the true worshipper of the highest and ineffable King of Hell!
THE EIGHTEENTH KEY
The Eighteenth Enochian Key opens the gates of Hell and casts up Lucifer and his blessing.
(Enochian)
Ilasa micalazoda olapireta ialpereji beliore: das odo Busadire Oiad ouoaresa caosago:
casaremeji Laiada eranu berinutasa cafafame das ivemeda aqoso adoho Moz, od maoffasa.
Bolape como belioreta pamebeta. Zodacare od Zodameranu! Odo cicale Qaa. Zodoreje, lape
zodiredo Noco Mada, hoathahe Saitan!
(English)
O thou mighty light and burning flame of comfort!, that unveilest the glory of Satan to the
center of the Earth; in whom the great secrets of truth have their abiding; that is called in thy
kingdom: "strength through joy", and is not to be measured. Be thou a window of comfort
unto me. Move therefore, and appear! Open the mysteries of your creation! Be friendly unto
me, for I am the same!, the true worshipper of the highest and ineffable King of Hell!
THE NINETEENTH KEY
The Nineteenth Enochian Key is the great sustainer of the natural balance of the earth, the law
of thrift, and of the jungle. It lays bare all hypocrisy and the sanctimonious shall become as
slaves under it. It brings forth the greatest outpouring of wrath upon the miserable, and lays
the foundation of success for the lover of life.
(Enochian)
Madaritza das perifa LIL cahisa micaolazoda saanire caosago od fifisa balzodizodarasa Iaida.
Nonuca gohulime: Micama adoianu MADA faoda beliorebe, soba ooaona cahisa luciftias
peripesol, das aberaasasa nonucafe netaaibe caosaji od tilabe adapehaheta damepelozoda, 
tooata nonucafe jimicalazodoma larasada tofejilo marebe yareyo IDOIGO, od torezodulape
yaodafe gohola, Caosaga, tabaoreda saanire, od caharisateosa yorepoila tiobela busadire,
tilabe noalanu paida oresaba, od dodaremeni zodayolana. Elazodape tilaba paremeji
peripesatza, od ta qurelesata booapisa. Lanibame oucaho sayomepe, od caharisateosa
ajitolorenu, mireca qo tiobela lela. Tonu paomebeda dizodalamo asa pianu, od caharisateosa
aji-la-tore-torenu paracahe a sayomepe. Coredazodizoda dodapala od fifalazoda, lasa manada,
od faregita bamesa omaosa. Conisabera od auauotza tonuji oresa; catabela noasami tabejesa
leuitahemonuji. Vanucahi omepetilabe oresa! Bahile? Moooabe OL coredazodizoda. El
capimao itzomatzipe, od cacocasabe gosaa. Bajilenu pii tianuta a babalanuda, od faoregita
teloca uo uime.
Madariatza, torezodu !!! Oadariatza orocaha aboaperi! Tabaori periazoda aretabasa!
Adarepanu coresata dobitza! Yolacame periazodi arecoazodiore, od quasabe qotinuji! Ripire
paaotzata sagacore! Umela od peredazodare cacareji Aoiveae coremepeta! Torezodu!
Zodacare od Zodameranu, asapeta sibesi butamona das surezodasa Tia balatanu. Odo cicale
Qaa, od Ozodazodama pelapeli IADANAMADA!
(English)
O ye pleasures which dwell in the first air, ye are mighty in the parts of the Earth, and execute
the judgment of the mighty. Unto you it is said: Behold the face of Satan, the beginning of
comfort, whose eyes are the brightness of the stars, which provided you for the government of
the Earth, and her unspeakable variety; furnishing you a power of understanding to dispose all
things according to the providence of Him that sitteth on the Infernal Throne, and rose up in
the Beginning saying: The Earth, let her be governed by her parts; and let there be division in
her; the glory of her may be always drunken and vexed in itself. Her course, let it run with the
fulfillment of lust; and as an handmaiden, let her serve them. One season, let it confound
another; and let there be no creature upon or within her the same. All her numbers, let them
differ in their qualities; and let there be no creature equal with another. The reasonable
creatures of the Earth, and Men, let them vex and weed out one another; and their dwelling
places, let them forget their names. The work of Man and his pomp, let them be defaced. His
buildings, let them become caves for the beasts of the field! Confound her understanding with
darkness! For why? it repenteth me that I have made Man. One while let her be known, and
another while a stranger; because she is in the bed of a harlot, and the dwelling place of
Lucifer the King.
Open wide the gates of Hell! The lower heavens beneath you, let them serve you! Govern
those who govern! Cast down such as fall. Bring forth those that increase, and destroy the
rotten. No place, let it remain in one number. Add and diminish until the stars be numbered.
Arise! Move! and appear before the covenant of His mouth, which He hath sworn unto us in
His justice. Open the mysteries of your creation, and make us partakers of the UNDEFILED
WISDOM.
YANKEE ROSE